Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Don Featherstone created the plastic pink flamingo lawn ornament., Passages: [{'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': "<s>Donald Featherstone (January 25, 1936 – June 22, 2015) was an American artist most widely known for his 1957 creation of the plastic pink flamingo while working for Union Products. Featherstone resided in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, where he kept 57 plastic flamingos on his back lawn. Featherstone and his wife Nancy dressed alike for over 35 years.</s><s>Biography. Featherstone was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1936 and grew up in nearby Berlin. After graduating from the Worcester Art Museum's art school, in 1957, he was offered a job designing three-dimensional animals for Union Products, Inc. Over his years at Union Products, Featherstone sculpted over 750 different items, the first two of which were a girl with a water can and a boy with a dog. When Featherstone was asked in 1957 to sculpt a duck, he purchased one, which he named Charlie, and later released the bird in Coggshall Park. Later that year, he was asked to carve a flamingo. The now iconic pink flamingo went on sale in 1958, when the color pink was popular. In 1996, Featherstone was awarded the 1996 Ig Nobel Art Prize for his creation of the pink flamingo, and he also"}, {'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': ' began his tenure as president of Union Products, which he held until he retired in 2000. On June 22, 2015, Featherstone died from Lewy body dementia at the age of 79. Visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his grave.</s><s>Pink flamingo. Featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from National Geographic, as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models. As time went on, the plastic flamingo became more popular. They appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits. In 1987, Donald Featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold. This was apparently to help distinguish between original and "knock-off" pink plastic flamingos. Featherstone\'s signature stayed on the bird until 2001, when it was removed. The signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds. In November 2006, Union Products closed and production of the flamingo stopped. Shortly thereafter, a New York company purchased the molds for Featherstone\'s flamingos and subcontracted production to a Fitchburg company, Cado Products. In 2010, Cado Products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them. Theident of Union Products, which he held until he retired in 2000. On June 22, 2015, Featherstone died from Lewy body dementia at the age of 79. Visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his grave.</s><s>Pink flamingo. Featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from National Geographic, as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models. As time went on, the plastic flamingo became more popular. They appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits. In 1987, Donald Featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold. This was apparently to help distinguish between original and "knock-off" pink plastic flamingos. Featherstone\'s signature stayed on the bird until 2001, when it was removed. The signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds. In November 2006, Union Products closed and production of the flamingo stopped. Shortly thereafter, a New York company purchased the molds for Featherstone\'s flamingos and subcontracted production to a Fitchburg company, Cado Products. In 2010, Cado Products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them. They'}, {'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': ' are generally sold in sets of two—one holding its head erect, nearly high, the other bending over as if looking for food.</sts of two—one holding its head erect, nearly high, the other bending over as if looking for food.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: don featherstone created the plastic pink flamingo lawn ornament, clean Passages: ['donald featherstone january 25 1936 – june 22 2015 was an american artist most widely known for his 1957 creation of the plastic pink flamingo while working for union products featherstone resided in fitchburg massachusetts where he kept 57 plastic flamingos on his back lawn featherstone and his wife nancy dressed alike for over 35 yearsbiography featherstone was born in worcester massachusetts in 1936 and grew up in nearby berlin after graduating from the worcester art museums art school in 1957 he was offered a job designing threedimensional animals for union products inc over his years at union products featherstone sculpted over 750 different items the first two of which were a girl with a water can and a boy with a dog when featherstone was asked in 1957 to sculpt a duck he purchased one which he named charlie and later released the bird in coggshall park later that year he was asked to carve a flamingo the now iconic pink flamingo went on sale in 1958 when the color pink was popular in 1996 featherstone was awarded the 1996 ig nobel art prize for his creation of the pink flamingo and he also', ' began his tenure as president of union products which he held until he retired in 2000 on june 22 2015 featherstone died from lewy body dementia at the age of 79 visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his gravepink flamingo featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from national geographic as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models as time went on the plastic flamingo became more popular they appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits in 1987 donald featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold this was apparently to help distinguish between original and knockoff pink plastic flamingos featherstones signature stayed on the bird until 2001 when it was removed the signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds in november 2006 union products closed and production of the flamingo stopped shortly thereafter a new york company purchased the molds for featherstones flamingos and subcontracted production to a fitchburg company cado products in 2010 cado products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them theident of union products which he held until he retired in 2000 on june 22 2015 featherstone died from lewy body dementia at the age of 79 visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his gravepink flamingo featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from national geographic as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models as time went on the plastic flamingo became more popular they appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits in 1987 donald featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold this was apparently to help distinguish between original and knockoff pink plastic flamingos featherstones signature stayed on the bird until 2001 when it was removed the signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds in november 2006 union products closed and production of the flamingo stopped shortly thereafter a new york company purchased the molds for featherstones flamingos and subcontracted production to a fitchburg company cado products in 2010 cado products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them they', ' are generally sold in sets of two—one holding its head erect nearly high the other bending over as if looking for foodsts of two—one holding its head erect nearly high the other bending over as if looking for food']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Trivisonno worked at WTAM., Passages: [{'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': ' in the ratings, even though it was usually up against Cleveland Indians games on WKNR. It did so well, the decision was made to put Trivisonno in afternoon drive-time (under the "Sportsline" banner until 1998; under his own name since) ultimately leaving "Sportsline" to other hosts. Throughout the program\'s history, "The Show" was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market. His show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports, but over time became a forum for discussing sports, politics, local issues, current events, or whatever else was on Trivisonno\'s mind at the time. He discussed topics (and frequently argued) with listeners who called in to the show and/or with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him. Trivisonno\'s popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among "Talkers Magazine\'s" "Heavy Hundred", including most recently in 2015, when he came in at #72. He was also a nominee for the Large Market Personality of the Year Marconi Award in 2010.</s><s>Personal life. Trivisonno was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, and attended Mayfield High School in'}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': '<s>Mike Trivisonno (September 20, 1947 – October 28, 2021) was an American radio broadcaster, known for hosting his own self-titled afternoon talk show on Cleveland radio station WTAM AM 1100. He was widely referred to simply as "Triv" by callers and the Cleveland media.</s><s>Career. He was a frequent caller on the "Sportsline" radio show on WTAM AM 1100 (during this period the station was operating under the WWWE call letters). The show was hosted by the acerbic Pete Franklin and dealt with Cleveland sports. Franklin, who would typically cut off most callers, began giving "Mike from Mayfield" some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary, particularly regarding the Cleveland Browns. Franklin began mockingly referring to Trivisonno as "Mr. Know It All," a moniker he would carry into his own radio career. Trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987, working for a time at WNCX, commenting on sports (particularly boxing) and becoming a full-time personality from 1989–1992. He began hosting "Sportsline" on WWWE in 1994. At first, the show aired from 6-11 p.m. The show did well'}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': " Cleveland's eastern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</sstern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: trivisonno worked at wtam, clean Passages: [' in the ratings even though it was usually up against cleveland indians games on wknr it did so well the decision was made to put trivisonno in afternoon drivetime under the sportsline banner until 1998 under his own name since ultimately leaving sportsline to other hosts throughout the programs history the show was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market his show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports but over time became a forum for discussing sports politics local issues current events or whatever else was on trivisonnos mind at the time he discussed topics and frequently argued with listeners who called in to the show andor with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him trivisonnos popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among talkers magazines heavy hundred including most recently in 2015 when he came in at 72 he was also a nominee for the large market personality of the year marconi award in 2010personal life trivisonno was born in east cleveland ohio and attended mayfield high school in', 'mike trivisonno september 20 1947 – october 28 2021 was an american radio broadcaster known for hosting his own selftitled afternoon talk show on cleveland radio station wtam am 1100 he was widely referred to simply as triv by callers and the cleveland mediacareer he was a frequent caller on the sportsline radio show on wtam am 1100 during this period the station was operating under the wwwe call letters the show was hosted by the acerbic pete franklin and dealt with cleveland sports franklin who would typically cut off most callers began giving mike from mayfield some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary particularly regarding the cleveland browns franklin began mockingly referring to trivisonno as mr know it all a moniker he would carry into his own radio career trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987 working for a time at wncx commenting on sports particularly boxing and becoming a fulltime personality from 1989–1992 he began hosting sportsline on wwwe in 1994 at first the show aired from 611 pm the show did well', ' clevelands eastern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknownsstern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknown']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She has worked to promote the elimination of FGM., Passages: [{'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' she arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere i in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': '<s>Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, she moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. She currently resides in Walthamstow, London, where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of Britain\'s most prominent campaigners about FGM and she has appeared in numerous publications, including the "Telegraph", the BBC, and "The Guardian".</s><s>Early life. Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, she was the victim of type 3 FGM, an event she has described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, she sought answers from her mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, she finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night. She was horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.</s><s>Activism. When'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped". Wardere\'s main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in her lifetime. Her memoir, "Cut", was published in April 2016.</s><s>Personal life. lives with her husband Yusuf and their seven children.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she has worked to promote the elimination of fgm, clean Passages: [' she arrived in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere i in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere is', 'hibo wardere is a somaliborn campaigner against female genital mutilation fgm author and public speaker born in somalia she moved to london england when just a teenager in 1989 as a refugee fleeing the somali civil war she currently resides in walthamstow london where she worked as a mediator and a regular fgm educator for waltham forest borough her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of britains most prominent campaigners about fgm and she has appeared in numerous publications including the telegraph the bbc and the guardianearly life hibo wardere was born in somalia at the age of six she was the victim of type 3 fgm an event she has described as being engulfed in pain from head to toe every day for the next ten years she sought answers from her mother but was always denied a response when wardere was 16 she finally struck a deal with a relative who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night she was horrified by the revelations and soon fled to london after the civil war broke out in the 1980sactivism when', ' quoted as saying “it is a sexual abuse it brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity it should be stopped warderes main ambition for the future is to see female genital mutilation eradicated in her lifetime her memoir cut was published in april 2016personal life lives with her husband yusuf and their seven children']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Ji Sung is South Korean., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: ji sung is south korean, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He won the UEFA Cup in 2005., Passages: [{'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': '<s>Daniel da Silva Carvalho (born 1 March 1983), more commonly known as Daniel Carvalho, is a Brazilian former football attacking midfielder.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Club. Carvalho started his career in his native state of Rio Grande do Sul at Sport Club Internacional before transferring to CSKA Moscow. In 2005, he became the first foreign player to be named Russian Footballer of the Year by "Futbol" and "Sport-Express". Carvalho\'s brilliant play during the 2005 UEFA Cup was the key to success of his team, who won the competition, defeating Sporting Lisbon in the Final. This made CSKA the first Russian club to ever win a UEFA competition. He was Man of the Match in the final as he was involved in all three of CSKA\'s goals. He scored in the 3–1 UEFA Super Cup lost to then European Champions Liverpool, but despite this defeat, Carvalho had shown he could cope on the European stage. In November 2007, Carvalho signed a new contract with CSKA until summer 2010, according to CSKA president Yevgeni Giner (or until December 2009, according to CSKA Press Office), with the option of further prolong'}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': "ation and the minimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 Octobeinimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 October"}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': ' 2006.</s><s>Honours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</snours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he won the uefa cup in 2005, clean Passages: ['daniel da silva carvalho born 1 march 1983 more commonly known as daniel carvalho is a brazilian former football attacking midfieldercareercareerclub carvalho started his career in his native state of rio grande do sul at sport club internacional before transferring to cska moscow in 2005 he became the first foreign player to be named russian footballer of the year by futbol and sportexpress carvalhos brilliant play during the 2005 uefa cup was the key to success of his team who won the competition defeating sporting lisbon in the final this made cska the first russian club to ever win a uefa competition he was man of the match in the final as he was involved in all three of cskas goals he scored in the 3–1 uefa super cup lost to then european champions liverpool but despite this defeat carvalho had shown he could cope on the european stage in november 2007 carvalho signed a new contract with cska until summer 2010 according to cska president yevgeni giner or until december 2009 according to cska press office with the option of further prolong', 'ation and the minimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 octobeinimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 october', ' 2006honourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the matchsnourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the match']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Katsu lives with her husband., Passages: [{'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '<s>Alma Katsu (born 1959) is an American writer of adult fiction. Her books have been translated into over a dozen languages, and has been published in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Spain and Italy. Katsu has also had a 29-year career in the US federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy, with an emphasis on technology issues. She previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the RAND Corporation.</s><s>Biography. Katsu was born in Fairbanks, Alaska, the daughter of an American-born father and a Japanese-born mother. She spent the majority of her youth living near Concord, Massachusetts, to which she attributes her interest in the early American history featured in her novels. She attended Brandeis University (BA in literature and writing, 1981) where she studied with novelist John Irving and children\'s book author Margaret Rey, and the Johns Hopkins University (MA in Fiction, 2004). She is also an alumna of the Squaw Valley writers workshops.</s><s>Career. Katsu\'s writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings. She published her first novel, "The Taker," in 2011 through Gallery Books. It received praise from outlets such'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': ' as "Booklist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Deviist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Devil'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '\'s Scribe", Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s, Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: katsu lives with her husband, clean Passages: ['alma katsu born 1959 is an american writer of adult fiction her books have been translated into over a dozen languages and has been published in the united kingdom brazil spain and italy katsu has also had a 29year career in the us federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy with an emphasis on technology issues she previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the rand corporationbiography katsu was born in fairbanks alaska the daughter of an americanborn father and a japaneseborn mother she spent the majority of her youth living near concord massachusetts to which she attributes her interest in the early american history featured in her novels she attended brandeis university ba in literature and writing 1981 where she studied with novelist john irving and childrens book author margaret rey and the johns hopkins university ma in fiction 2004 she is also an alumna of the squaw valley writers workshopscareer katsus writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings she published her first novel the taker in 2011 through gallery books it received praise from outlets such', ' as booklist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the deviist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the devil', 's scribe gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novels gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novel']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Hibo Wardere is Somali-born., Passages: [{'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': '<s>Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, she moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. She currently resides in Walthamstow, London, where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of Britain\'s most prominent campaigners about FGM and she has appeared in numerous publications, including the "Telegraph", the BBC, and "The Guardian".</s><s>Early life. Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, she was the victim of type 3 FGM, an event she has described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, she sought answers from her mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, she finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night. She was horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.</s><s>Activism. When'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped". Wardere\'s main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in her lifetime. Her memoir, "Cut", was published in April 2016.</s><s>Personal life. lives with her husband Yusuf and their seven children.</s>'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' she arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere i in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: hibo wardere is somaliborn, clean Passages: ['hibo wardere is a somaliborn campaigner against female genital mutilation fgm author and public speaker born in somalia she moved to london england when just a teenager in 1989 as a refugee fleeing the somali civil war she currently resides in walthamstow london where she worked as a mediator and a regular fgm educator for waltham forest borough her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of britains most prominent campaigners about fgm and she has appeared in numerous publications including the telegraph the bbc and the guardianearly life hibo wardere was born in somalia at the age of six she was the victim of type 3 fgm an event she has described as being engulfed in pain from head to toe every day for the next ten years she sought answers from her mother but was always denied a response when wardere was 16 she finally struck a deal with a relative who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night she was horrified by the revelations and soon fled to london after the civil war broke out in the 1980sactivism when', ' quoted as saying “it is a sexual abuse it brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity it should be stopped warderes main ambition for the future is to see female genital mutilation eradicated in her lifetime her memoir cut was published in april 2016personal life lives with her husband yusuf and their seven children', ' she arrived in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere i in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere is']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He founded the Fischer Research Laboratory., Passages: [{'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': '<s>Gerhard Julius Richard Fischer later Gerhard Julius Richard Fisher, Gerhard R. Fisher (March 18, 1899 – May 2, 1988) was a U.S. entrepreneur of German descent. He contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detector.</s><s>Biography. Fisher was born in 1899 in Landeshut, Silesia, to Richard Hugo Georg Arthur Fischer, an engineer, and his wife Margaretha Julia Fischer née Job. His mother was from Łódź, where the parents also married. Around 1906, the Fischer family moved to Dresden. After studying electrical engineering at the Dresden University, Fischer emigrated to the U.S. In 1931, he founded Fisher Research Laboratory, Inc. in Palo Alto, where he served as president until his retirement in 1967. While working with aircraft radio detection finders environment-dependent changes became apparent. From the interference by metal, he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal. Fisher shared the idea with Albert Einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use. In 1937, he patented his metal detector. He died 1988 in Palo Alto.</s><s>Biography.:Inventions. Although the actual inventor of'}, {'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': ' the hand-held metal detector is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</stor is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he founded the fischer research laboratory, clean Passages: ['gerhard julius richard fischer later gerhard julius richard fisher gerhard r fisher march 18 1899 – may 2 1988 was a us entrepreneur of german descent he contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detectorbiography fisher was born in 1899 in landeshut silesia to richard hugo georg arthur fischer an engineer and his wife margaretha julia fischer née job his mother was from łódź where the parents also married around 1906 the fischer family moved to dresden after studying electrical engineering at the dresden university fischer emigrated to the us in 1931 he founded fisher research laboratory inc in palo alto where he served as president until his retirement in 1967 while working with aircraft radio detection finders environmentdependent changes became apparent from the interference by metal he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal fisher shared the idea with albert einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use in 1937 he patented his metal detector he died 1988 in palo altobiographyinventions although the actual inventor of', ' the handheld metal detector is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   stor is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   ']

Gold truth: NS, Prediction: S, Fact: Botak Chin is also known as Chin Peng., Passages: [{'title': 'Botak Chin', 'text': "<s>Wong Swee Chin, known professionally as Edmund Tan / Louis Ling / Botak Chin (3 March 1951–11 June 1981) was a Malaysian criminal and gangster. He rose to fame as one of the most notorious and dangerous gangsters during the 1960s and 1970s. He and his friend Kevin Yee Kai Kit were known for conducting armed robberies, which in a few cases involved huge amounts of cash. He was respected by the Chinese Hakka community and often regarded as modern-age Robin Hood, as some say he shared the cash from the robberies with the poor. On the evening of 16 February 1976, he was arrested by the police. He was executed on 11 June 1981 in Pudu Prison.</s><s>Early life. Botak Chin was born in Kuala Lumpur on 3 March 1951 to a family of 10 siblings. His father worked with Malayan Railways, and as a child he lived at the Malaysian Railway quarters adjacent to the Caltex station on Jalan Ipoh in Kuala Lumpur. He studied at a Chinese vernacular primary school and then went on to attend the Methodist Boys' Secondary School in Sentul until Form 3. After dropping out from school, Botak Chin worked as a fishmonger at the market at"}, {'title': 'Botak Chin', 'text': " Jalan Tun Ismail (formerly known as Maxwell Road). After his mother's death, he often spent time away from home, with his friends who were the local hoodlums that eventually led him to commit petty crimes. He joined a gang named Gang 360 (Sam Pak Lok), and he was impressed by the firearms possessed by the gang members. On 19 April 1969, and two of his friends took part in a robbery for the first time. At the age of 18, he proudly owned his first firearm, a.22 calibre revolver. He then formed his own gang shortly thereafter and proceeded to engage in robbery sprees.</s><s>Crime sprees. Botak Chin engaged in eight robberies within a month in 1969. This led to his first arrest; he was convicted and sentenced to prison for 7 years. He was released before serving out his sentence and resolved to retire from gangsterism. However, his attempt to become clean and sell vegetables was unsatisfying financially; and he returned to crime.</s><s>Personal life. Dr. Mahadevan, the former director of Tanjung Rambutan Mental Hospital in Perak, treated Botak Chin for 19 days to determine if he was adequately sane to stand trial. He found Botak Chin to"}, {'title': 'Botak Chin', 'text': ' be highly intelligent – but a "misguided genius".</s intelligent – but a "misguided genius".</s>'}]
Gold truth: NS, Prediction: S, Clean Fact: botak chin is also known as chin peng, clean Passages: ['wong swee chin known professionally as edmund tan  louis ling  botak chin 3 march 1951–11 june 1981 was a malaysian criminal and gangster he rose to fame as one of the most notorious and dangerous gangsters during the 1960s and 1970s he and his friend kevin yee kai kit were known for conducting armed robberies which in a few cases involved huge amounts of cash he was respected by the chinese hakka community and often regarded as modernage robin hood as some say he shared the cash from the robberies with the poor on the evening of 16 february 1976 he was arrested by the police he was executed on 11 june 1981 in pudu prisonearly life botak chin was born in kuala lumpur on 3 march 1951 to a family of 10 siblings his father worked with malayan railways and as a child he lived at the malaysian railway quarters adjacent to the caltex station on jalan ipoh in kuala lumpur he studied at a chinese vernacular primary school and then went on to attend the methodist boys secondary school in sentul until form 3 after dropping out from school botak chin worked as a fishmonger at the market at', ' jalan tun ismail formerly known as maxwell road after his mothers death he often spent time away from home with his friends who were the local hoodlums that eventually led him to commit petty crimes he joined a gang named gang 360 sam pak lok and he was impressed by the firearms possessed by the gang members on 19 april 1969 and two of his friends took part in a robbery for the first time at the age of 18 he proudly owned his first firearm a22 calibre revolver he then formed his own gang shortly thereafter and proceeded to engage in robbery spreescrime sprees botak chin engaged in eight robberies within a month in 1969 this led to his first arrest he was convicted and sentenced to prison for 7 years he was released before serving out his sentence and resolved to retire from gangsterism however his attempt to become clean and sell vegetables was unsatisfying financially and he returned to crimepersonal life dr mahadevan the former director of tanjung rambutan mental hospital in perak treated botak chin for 19 days to determine if he was adequately sane to stand trial he found botak chin to', ' be highly intelligent – but a misguided geniuss intelligent – but a misguided genius']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Furlong joined the Canadian Armed Forces., Passages: [{'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': 'ron Perry were awarded the Bronze Star Medal by the United States Army for their actions in combat during Operation Anaconda from 2–11 March 2002. Furlong held the record of longest kill shot recorded in history until November 2009, when his record of was beaten by Corporal of Horse Craig Harrison, of the Blues and Royals, part of the Household Cavalry of the British Army, who set a new record by shooting two Taliban fighters at, using a.338 Lapua L115A3 Long Range Rifle.</s><s>Later career. After leaving the Canadian Army, Furlong moved to Edmonton, Alberta and joined the Edmonton Police Service in 2004, although he had considered joining Joint Task Force 2. In 2012, Furlong was dismissed from the police for discreditable conduct, after an episode in which he physically abused and urinated on a fellow police officer., he operates a marksmanship academy, called s Marksmanship Academy, based in Alberta.</s><s>See also. - Longest recorded sniper kills</s><s>See also. - List of books, articles and documentaries about snipers</s><s>Further reading. - McMillan Tac-50 article including a photo of the actual rifle Furlong used. - Mention in Dispatch (broken'}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': "<s>Rob Furlong (born 11 November 1976) is a Canadian former military sniper who, from March 2002 until November 2009, held the world record for the longest confirmed sniper kill in combat, at. His record stood for over 7 years and was improved upon by Craig Harrison with a distance of using a L115A3 Long Range Rifle.</s><s>Early life. Born on Fogo Island, Newfoundland, on 11 November 1976. In his early life Furlong taught himself to fire a rifle ambidextrously.</s><s>Military career. Inspired by a VHS tape, Furlong decided to join the military in 1997. Furlong enlisted in the Canadian Army and served with the 3rd Battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry. Furlong was stationed in Bosnia in 1999 as a peace keeper. In March 2002, Furlong participated in Operation Anaconda in Afghanistan's Shah-i-Kot Valley. His sniper team included Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale (Team Commander), Master Corporal Tim McMeekin, Master Corporal Arron Perry, and Corporal Dennis Eason. A group of three Al-Qaeda fighters was moving into a mountainside position when Furlong took aim with his long"}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': "-range sniper weapon (LRSW), a.50-calibre McMillan Brothers Tac-50 rifle, loaded with Hornady A-MAX 750 gr very-low-drag bullets. He began firing at a fighter carrying an RPK machine gun. Furlong's first shot missed and his second shot hit the knapsack on the target's back. The third struck the target's torso, killing him. The distance was measured as. With a muzzle speed of, each shot reached the target almost three seconds after Furlong fired. This became the longest sniper kill in history at the time, surpassing the previous record set by his teammate, Master Corporal Arron Perry, by. This feat is not typical for the effective range with a high first-hit probability of the employed rifle on non-static targets (see maximum effective range). The shot was aided by the ambient air density in the Shah-i-Kot Valley where Furlong operated, which is significantly lower than at sea level due to its mean elevation. In December 2003, PPCLI snipers Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale, Master Corporal Tim McMeekin, Corporal Dennis Eason, Corporal and Master Corporal Ar"}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': " link as of 03/03/2012) - 'We were abandoned': Story of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Snipers</s 03/03/2012) - 'We were abandoned': Story of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Snipers</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: furlong joined the canadian armed forces, clean Passages: ['ron perry were awarded the bronze star medal by the united states army for their actions in combat during operation anaconda from 2–11 march 2002 furlong held the record of longest kill shot recorded in history until november 2009 when his record of was beaten by corporal of horse craig harrison of the blues and royals part of the household cavalry of the british army who set a new record by shooting two taliban fighters at using a338 lapua l115a3 long range riflelater career after leaving the canadian army furlong moved to edmonton alberta and joined the edmonton police service in 2004 although he had considered joining joint task force 2 in 2012 furlong was dismissed from the police for discreditable conduct after an episode in which he physically abused and urinated on a fellow police officer he operates a marksmanship academy called s marksmanship academy based in albertasee also  longest recorded sniper killssee also  list of books articles and documentaries about snipersfurther reading  mcmillan tac50 article including a photo of the actual rifle furlong used  mention in dispatch broken', 'rob furlong born 11 november 1976 is a canadian former military sniper who from march 2002 until november 2009 held the world record for the longest confirmed sniper kill in combat at his record stood for over 7 years and was improved upon by craig harrison with a distance of using a l115a3 long range rifleearly life born on fogo island newfoundland on 11 november 1976 in his early life furlong taught himself to fire a rifle ambidextrouslymilitary career inspired by a vhs tape furlong decided to join the military in 1997 furlong enlisted in the canadian army and served with the 3rd battalion princess patricias canadian light infantry furlong was stationed in bosnia in 1999 as a peace keeper in march 2002 furlong participated in operation anaconda in afghanistans shahikot valley his sniper team included master corporal graham ragsdale team commander master corporal tim mcmeekin master corporal arron perry and corporal dennis eason a group of three alqaeda fighters was moving into a mountainside position when furlong took aim with his long', 'range sniper weapon lrsw a50calibre mcmillan brothers tac50 rifle loaded with hornady amax 750 gr verylowdrag bullets he began firing at a fighter carrying an rpk machine gun furlongs first shot missed and his second shot hit the knapsack on the targets back the third struck the targets torso killing him the distance was measured as with a muzzle speed of each shot reached the target almost three seconds after furlong fired this became the longest sniper kill in history at the time surpassing the previous record set by his teammate master corporal arron perry by this feat is not typical for the effective range with a high firsthit probability of the employed rifle on nonstatic targets see maximum effective range the shot was aided by the ambient air density in the shahikot valley where furlong operated which is significantly lower than at sea level due to its mean elevation in december 2003 ppcli snipers master corporal graham ragsdale master corporal tim mcmeekin corporal dennis eason corporal and master corporal ar', ' link as of 03032012  we were abandoned story of the princess patricias canadian light infantry sniperss 03032012  we were abandoned story of the princess patricias canadian light infantry snipers']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Rennie Fritchie is a crossbench member of the House of Lords., Passages: [{'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': '<s>Irene Tordoff Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie, DBE (née Fennell; born 29 April 1942 in Fife, Scotland), known as Rennie Fritchie, is a British crossbench peer.</s><s>Life/career. Irene Tordoff Fennell, daughter of Mr and Mrs Charles Frederick Fennell, was educated at Ribston Hall Grammar School for Girls in Gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development. Now described as a "portfolio" worker, she has held various positions including Commissioner for Public Appointments from 1999 to 2005, and President of the Pennell Initiative for Women\'s Health in Later Life. In the 1970s, she was one of the first full-time women\'s training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new Equal Opportunities Commission. Using a German Marshall Fellowship awarded in 1985, she drew lessons from the United States of America for the United Kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women. She has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio. She became Chairman of Nominet in 2010.</s><s>Affili'}, {'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': 'ations. She holds a number of positions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</stions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: rennie fritchie is a crossbench member of the house of lords, clean Passages: ['irene tordoff fritchie baroness fritchie dbe née fennell born 29 april 1942 in fife scotland known as rennie fritchie is a british crossbench peerlifecareer irene tordoff fennell daughter of mr and mrs charles frederick fennell was educated at ribston hall grammar school for girls in gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development now described as a portfolio worker she has held various positions including commissioner for public appointments from 1999 to 2005 and president of the pennell initiative for womens health in later life in the 1970s she was one of the first fulltime womens training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new equal opportunities commission using a german marshall fellowship awarded in 1985 she drew lessons from the united states of america for the united kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women she has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio she became chairman of nominet in 2010affili', 'ations she holds a number of positions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lordsstions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lords']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She appeared in Belly., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she appeared in belly, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Haagensen later transitioned to film., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: haagensen later transitioned to film, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: A Bronx Tale was released in 1993., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: a bronx tale was released in 1993, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He made the move in 2019., Passages: [{'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': '<s>/s><s>Club career. Born in Yokohama, Ko Itakura joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2015, with which he won the 2017 Japanese championship. He was loaned to Vegalta Sendai in 2018. In January 2019, he joined Premier League club Manchester City and was immediately loaned to Eredivisie club Groningen, until the summer of 2020. On 24 July 2020, his stay with Groningen was extended with one more year after both clubs agreed. On 19 August 2021, Itakura signed a season-long loan deal with 2. Bundesliga club Schalke 04 with an option to make the move permanent for £5 million. At the end of the season, he was promoted to the Bundesliga with Schalke, but the club did not activate the option due to financial reasons. On 2 July 2022, he returned to Germany and signed permanently with Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach on a €5,000,000 transfer fee.</s><s>International career. In May 2017, Itakura was called up to the Japan U-20 national team for the 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder. He was selected for the senior Japan'}, {'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': ' national football team for 2019 Copa América and made his debut on 20 June 2019 in the game against Uruguay, as a starter. In November 2022, he was selected for the 2022 FIFA World Cup Japan National team for the first time. Participated in all group stage matches and became the first Asian team to win first place in an overseas World Cup group league, contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments. His long ball was the starting point of the come-from-behind goal against Germany. He was also named in the first group stage best eleven by Spain\'s \'Marca\' and Italy\'s version of \'Sky Sports\'. The former named him one of the players to double his value in the World Cup and described him as "the most consistent performance of the entire tournament". On March 28, 2023, he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of Moriyasu Japan against Colombia.</s><s>Career statistics.</s><s>Career statistics.:Club.</s><s>Career statistics.:International. "Scores and results list Japan\'s goal tally first."</s><s>Honours. Kawasaki Frontale - J1 League: 2017 Vegalta Sendai - Emperor\'s Cup: 2018 Schalke 0football team for 2019 Copa América and made his debut on 20 June 2019 in the game against Uruguay, as a starter. In November 2022, he was selected for the 2022 FIFA World Cup Japan National team for the first time. Participated in all group stage matches and became the first Asian team to win first place in an overseas World Cup group league, contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments. His long ball was the starting point of the come-from-behind goal against Germany. He was also named in the first group stage best eleven by Spain\'s \'Marca\' and Italy\'s version of \'Sky Sports\'. The former named him one of the players to double his value in the World Cup and described him as "the most consistent performance of the entire tournament". On March 28, 2023, he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of Moriyasu Japan against Colombia.</s><s>Career statistics.</s><s>Career statistics.:Club.</s><s>Career statistics.:International. "Scores and results list Japan\'s goal tally first."</s><s>Honours. Kawasaki Frontale - J1 League: 2017 Vegalta Sendai - Emperor\'s Cup: 2018 Schalke 04'}, {'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': ' - 2. Bundesliga: 2021–22 Individual - TAG Heuer YOUNG GUNS AWARD: 2018 - Groningen player of the year: 2020/21 - Japan Pro-Footballers Association awards: Best XI (2022)</sesliga: 2021–22 Individual - TAG Heuer YOUNG GUNS AWARD: 2018 - Groningen player of the year: 2020/21 - Japan Pro-Footballers Association awards: Best XI (2022)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he made the move in 2019, clean Passages: ['sclub career born in yokohama ko itakura joined j1 league club kawasaki frontale in 2015 with which he won the 2017 japanese championship he was loaned to vegalta sendai in 2018 in january 2019 he joined premier league club manchester city and was immediately loaned to eredivisie club groningen until the summer of 2020 on 24 july 2020 his stay with groningen was extended with one more year after both clubs agreed on 19 august 2021 itakura signed a seasonlong loan deal with 2 bundesliga club schalke 04 with an option to make the move permanent for £5 million at the end of the season he was promoted to the bundesliga with schalke but the club did not activate the option due to financial reasons on 2 july 2022 he returned to germany and signed permanently with bundesliga club borussia mönchengladbach on a €5000000 transfer feeinternational career in may 2017 itakura was called up to the japan u20 national team for the 2017 u20 world cup at this tournament he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder he was selected for the senior japan', ' national football team for 2019 copa américa and made his debut on 20 june 2019 in the game against uruguay as a starter in november 2022 he was selected for the 2022 fifa world cup japan national team for the first time participated in all group stage matches and became the first asian team to win first place in an overseas world cup group league contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments his long ball was the starting point of the comefrombehind goal against germany he was also named in the first group stage best eleven by spains marca and italys version of sky sports the former named him one of the players to double his value in the world cup and described him as the most consistent performance of the entire tournament on march 28 2023 he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of moriyasu japan against colombiacareer statisticscareer statisticsclubcareer statisticsinternational scores and results list japans goal tally firsthonours kawasaki frontale  j1 league 2017 vegalta sendai  emperors cup 2018 schalke 0football team for 2019 copa américa and made his debut on 20 june 2019 in the game against uruguay as a starter in november 2022 he was selected for the 2022 fifa world cup japan national team for the first time participated in all group stage matches and became the first asian team to win first place in an overseas world cup group league contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments his long ball was the starting point of the comefrombehind goal against germany he was also named in the first group stage best eleven by spains marca and italys version of sky sports the former named him one of the players to double his value in the world cup and described him as the most consistent performance of the entire tournament on march 28 2023 he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of moriyasu japan against colombiacareer statisticscareer statisticsclubcareer statisticsinternational scores and results list japans goal tally firsthonours kawasaki frontale  j1 league 2017 vegalta sendai  emperors cup 2018 schalke 04', '  2 bundesliga 2021–22 individual  tag heuer young guns award 2018  groningen player of the year 202021  japan profootballers association awards best xi 2022sesliga 2021–22 individual  tag heuer young guns award 2018  groningen player of the year 202021  japan profootballers association awards best xi 2022']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He moved to Dutch club FC Groningen., Passages: [{'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': '<s>/s><s>Club career. Born in Yokohama, Ko Itakura joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2015, with which he won the 2017 Japanese championship. He was loaned to Vegalta Sendai in 2018. In January 2019, he joined Premier League club Manchester City and was immediately loaned to Eredivisie club Groningen, until the summer of 2020. On 24 July 2020, his stay with Groningen was extended with one more year after both clubs agreed. On 19 August 2021, Itakura signed a season-long loan deal with 2. Bundesliga club Schalke 04 with an option to make the move permanent for £5 million. At the end of the season, he was promoted to the Bundesliga with Schalke, but the club did not activate the option due to financial reasons. On 2 July 2022, he returned to Germany and signed permanently with Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach on a €5,000,000 transfer fee.</s><s>International career. In May 2017, Itakura was called up to the Japan U-20 national team for the 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder. He was selected for the senior Japan'}, {'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': ' national football team for 2019 Copa América and made his debut on 20 June 2019 in the game against Uruguay, as a starter. In November 2022, he was selected for the 2022 FIFA World Cup Japan National team for the first time. Participated in all group stage matches and became the first Asian team to win first place in an overseas World Cup group league, contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments. His long ball was the starting point of the come-from-behind goal against Germany. He was also named in the first group stage best eleven by Spain\'s \'Marca\' and Italy\'s version of \'Sky Sports\'. The former named him one of the players to double his value in the World Cup and described him as "the most consistent performance of the entire tournament". On March 28, 2023, he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of Moriyasu Japan against Colombia.</s><s>Career statistics.</s><s>Career statistics.:Club.</s><s>Career statistics.:International. "Scores and results list Japan\'s goal tally first."</s><s>Honours. Kawasaki Frontale - J1 League: 2017 Vegalta Sendai - Emperor\'s Cup: 2018 Schalke 0football team for 2019 Copa América and made his debut on 20 June 2019 in the game against Uruguay, as a starter. In November 2022, he was selected for the 2022 FIFA World Cup Japan National team for the first time. Participated in all group stage matches and became the first Asian team to win first place in an overseas World Cup group league, contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments. His long ball was the starting point of the come-from-behind goal against Germany. He was also named in the first group stage best eleven by Spain\'s \'Marca\' and Italy\'s version of \'Sky Sports\'. The former named him one of the players to double his value in the World Cup and described him as "the most consistent performance of the entire tournament". On March 28, 2023, he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of Moriyasu Japan against Colombia.</s><s>Career statistics.</s><s>Career statistics.:Club.</s><s>Career statistics.:International. "Scores and results list Japan\'s goal tally first."</s><s>Honours. Kawasaki Frontale - J1 League: 2017 Vegalta Sendai - Emperor\'s Cup: 2018 Schalke 04'}, {'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': ' - 2. Bundesliga: 2021–22 Individual - TAG Heuer YOUNG GUNS AWARD: 2018 - Groningen player of the year: 2020/21 - Japan Pro-Footballers Association awards: Best XI (2022)</sesliga: 2021–22 Individual - TAG Heuer YOUNG GUNS AWARD: 2018 - Groningen player of the year: 2020/21 - Japan Pro-Footballers Association awards: Best XI (2022)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he moved to dutch club fc groningen, clean Passages: ['sclub career born in yokohama ko itakura joined j1 league club kawasaki frontale in 2015 with which he won the 2017 japanese championship he was loaned to vegalta sendai in 2018 in january 2019 he joined premier league club manchester city and was immediately loaned to eredivisie club groningen until the summer of 2020 on 24 july 2020 his stay with groningen was extended with one more year after both clubs agreed on 19 august 2021 itakura signed a seasonlong loan deal with 2 bundesliga club schalke 04 with an option to make the move permanent for £5 million at the end of the season he was promoted to the bundesliga with schalke but the club did not activate the option due to financial reasons on 2 july 2022 he returned to germany and signed permanently with bundesliga club borussia mönchengladbach on a €5000000 transfer feeinternational career in may 2017 itakura was called up to the japan u20 national team for the 2017 u20 world cup at this tournament he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder he was selected for the senior japan', ' national football team for 2019 copa américa and made his debut on 20 june 2019 in the game against uruguay as a starter in november 2022 he was selected for the 2022 fifa world cup japan national team for the first time participated in all group stage matches and became the first asian team to win first place in an overseas world cup group league contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments his long ball was the starting point of the comefrombehind goal against germany he was also named in the first group stage best eleven by spains marca and italys version of sky sports the former named him one of the players to double his value in the world cup and described him as the most consistent performance of the entire tournament on march 28 2023 he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of moriyasu japan against colombiacareer statisticscareer statisticsclubcareer statisticsinternational scores and results list japans goal tally firsthonours kawasaki frontale  j1 league 2017 vegalta sendai  emperors cup 2018 schalke 0football team for 2019 copa américa and made his debut on 20 june 2019 in the game against uruguay as a starter in november 2022 he was selected for the 2022 fifa world cup japan national team for the first time participated in all group stage matches and became the first asian team to win first place in an overseas world cup group league contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments his long ball was the starting point of the comefrombehind goal against germany he was also named in the first group stage best eleven by spains marca and italys version of sky sports the former named him one of the players to double his value in the world cup and described him as the most consistent performance of the entire tournament on march 28 2023 he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of moriyasu japan against colombiacareer statisticscareer statisticsclubcareer statisticsinternational scores and results list japans goal tally firsthonours kawasaki frontale  j1 league 2017 vegalta sendai  emperors cup 2018 schalke 04', '  2 bundesliga 2021–22 individual  tag heuer young guns award 2018  groningen player of the year 202021  japan profootballers association awards best xi 2022sesliga 2021–22 individual  tag heuer young guns award 2018  groningen player of the year 202021  japan profootballers association awards best xi 2022']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Gerhard Fischer is an inventor., Passages: [{'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': ' the hand-held metal detector is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</stor is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</s>'}, {'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': '<s>Gerhard Julius Richard Fischer later Gerhard Julius Richard Fisher, Gerhard R. Fisher (March 18, 1899 – May 2, 1988) was a U.S. entrepreneur of German descent. He contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detector.</s><s>Biography. Fisher was born in 1899 in Landeshut, Silesia, to Richard Hugo Georg Arthur Fischer, an engineer, and his wife Margaretha Julia Fischer née Job. His mother was from Łódź, where the parents also married. Around 1906, the Fischer family moved to Dresden. After studying electrical engineering at the Dresden University, Fischer emigrated to the U.S. In 1931, he founded Fisher Research Laboratory, Inc. in Palo Alto, where he served as president until his retirement in 1967. While working with aircraft radio detection finders environment-dependent changes became apparent. From the interference by metal, he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal. Fisher shared the idea with Albert Einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use. In 1937, he patented his metal detector. He died 1988 in Palo Alto.</s><s>Biography.:Inventions. Although the actual inventor of'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: gerhard fischer is an inventor, clean Passages: [' the handheld metal detector is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   stor is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   ', 'gerhard julius richard fischer later gerhard julius richard fisher gerhard r fisher march 18 1899 – may 2 1988 was a us entrepreneur of german descent he contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detectorbiography fisher was born in 1899 in landeshut silesia to richard hugo georg arthur fischer an engineer and his wife margaretha julia fischer née job his mother was from łódź where the parents also married around 1906 the fischer family moved to dresden after studying electrical engineering at the dresden university fischer emigrated to the us in 1931 he founded fisher research laboratory inc in palo alto where he served as president until his retirement in 1967 while working with aircraft radio detection finders environmentdependent changes became apparent from the interference by metal he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal fisher shared the idea with albert einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use in 1937 he patented his metal detector he died 1988 in palo altobiographyinventions although the actual inventor of']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Itakura made his senior debut for the national team in 2019., Passages: [{'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': '<s>/s><s>Club career. Born in Yokohama, Ko Itakura joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2015, with which he won the 2017 Japanese championship. He was loaned to Vegalta Sendai in 2018. In January 2019, he joined Premier League club Manchester City and was immediately loaned to Eredivisie club Groningen, until the summer of 2020. On 24 July 2020, his stay with Groningen was extended with one more year after both clubs agreed. On 19 August 2021, Itakura signed a season-long loan deal with 2. Bundesliga club Schalke 04 with an option to make the move permanent for £5 million. At the end of the season, he was promoted to the Bundesliga with Schalke, but the club did not activate the option due to financial reasons. On 2 July 2022, he returned to Germany and signed permanently with Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach on a €5,000,000 transfer fee.</s><s>International career. In May 2017, Itakura was called up to the Japan U-20 national team for the 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder. He was selected for the senior Japan'}, {'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': ' national football team for 2019 Copa América and made his debut on 20 June 2019 in the game against Uruguay, as a starter. In November 2022, he was selected for the 2022 FIFA World Cup Japan National team for the first time. Participated in all group stage matches and became the first Asian team to win first place in an overseas World Cup group league, contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments. His long ball was the starting point of the come-from-behind goal against Germany. He was also named in the first group stage best eleven by Spain\'s \'Marca\' and Italy\'s version of \'Sky Sports\'. The former named him one of the players to double his value in the World Cup and described him as "the most consistent performance of the entire tournament". On March 28, 2023, he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of Moriyasu Japan against Colombia.</s><s>Career statistics.</s><s>Career statistics.:Club.</s><s>Career statistics.:International. "Scores and results list Japan\'s goal tally first."</s><s>Honours. Kawasaki Frontale - J1 League: 2017 Vegalta Sendai - Emperor\'s Cup: 2018 Schalke 0football team for 2019 Copa América and made his debut on 20 June 2019 in the game against Uruguay, as a starter. In November 2022, he was selected for the 2022 FIFA World Cup Japan National team for the first time. Participated in all group stage matches and became the first Asian team to win first place in an overseas World Cup group league, contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments. His long ball was the starting point of the come-from-behind goal against Germany. He was also named in the first group stage best eleven by Spain\'s \'Marca\' and Italy\'s version of \'Sky Sports\'. The former named him one of the players to double his value in the World Cup and described him as "the most consistent performance of the entire tournament". On March 28, 2023, he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of Moriyasu Japan against Colombia.</s><s>Career statistics.</s><s>Career statistics.:Club.</s><s>Career statistics.:International. "Scores and results list Japan\'s goal tally first."</s><s>Honours. Kawasaki Frontale - J1 League: 2017 Vegalta Sendai - Emperor\'s Cup: 2018 Schalke 04'}, {'title': 'Ko Itakura', 'text': ' - 2. Bundesliga: 2021–22 Individual - TAG Heuer YOUNG GUNS AWARD: 2018 - Groningen player of the year: 2020/21 - Japan Pro-Footballers Association awards: Best XI (2022)</sesliga: 2021–22 Individual - TAG Heuer YOUNG GUNS AWARD: 2018 - Groningen player of the year: 2020/21 - Japan Pro-Footballers Association awards: Best XI (2022)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: itakura made his senior debut for the national team in 2019, clean Passages: ['sclub career born in yokohama ko itakura joined j1 league club kawasaki frontale in 2015 with which he won the 2017 japanese championship he was loaned to vegalta sendai in 2018 in january 2019 he joined premier league club manchester city and was immediately loaned to eredivisie club groningen until the summer of 2020 on 24 july 2020 his stay with groningen was extended with one more year after both clubs agreed on 19 august 2021 itakura signed a seasonlong loan deal with 2 bundesliga club schalke 04 with an option to make the move permanent for £5 million at the end of the season he was promoted to the bundesliga with schalke but the club did not activate the option due to financial reasons on 2 july 2022 he returned to germany and signed permanently with bundesliga club borussia mönchengladbach on a €5000000 transfer feeinternational career in may 2017 itakura was called up to the japan u20 national team for the 2017 u20 world cup at this tournament he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder he was selected for the senior japan', ' national football team for 2019 copa américa and made his debut on 20 june 2019 in the game against uruguay as a starter in november 2022 he was selected for the 2022 fifa world cup japan national team for the first time participated in all group stage matches and became the first asian team to win first place in an overseas world cup group league contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments his long ball was the starting point of the comefrombehind goal against germany he was also named in the first group stage best eleven by spains marca and italys version of sky sports the former named him one of the players to double his value in the world cup and described him as the most consistent performance of the entire tournament on march 28 2023 he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of moriyasu japan against colombiacareer statisticscareer statisticsclubcareer statisticsinternational scores and results list japans goal tally firsthonours kawasaki frontale  j1 league 2017 vegalta sendai  emperors cup 2018 schalke 0football team for 2019 copa américa and made his debut on 20 june 2019 in the game against uruguay as a starter in november 2022 he was selected for the 2022 fifa world cup japan national team for the first time participated in all group stage matches and became the first asian team to win first place in an overseas world cup group league contributing to advance to the final tournament for two consecutive tournaments his long ball was the starting point of the comefrombehind goal against germany he was also named in the first group stage best eleven by spains marca and italys version of sky sports the former named him one of the players to double his value in the world cup and described him as the most consistent performance of the entire tournament on march 28 2023 he served as captain for the first time in the second match of the second term of moriyasu japan against colombiacareer statisticscareer statisticsclubcareer statisticsinternational scores and results list japans goal tally firsthonours kawasaki frontale  j1 league 2017 vegalta sendai  emperors cup 2018 schalke 04', '  2 bundesliga 2021–22 individual  tag heuer young guns award 2018  groningen player of the year 202021  japan profootballers association awards best xi 2022sesliga 2021–22 individual  tag heuer young guns award 2018  groningen player of the year 202021  japan profootballers association awards best xi 2022']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Florencia Bertotti is a singer., Passages: [{'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': '<s>María Florencia Bertotti (born 15 March 1983), better known as Florencia Bertotti is an Argentine actress, singer, songwriter and businesswoman.</s><s>Biography. Florencia Bertotti parents are Gustavo Bertotti, a jeweler and María Candelaria Pérez Colman, a psychologist and a teacher of children with disabilities. Her parents divorced when Florencia was seven years old. She has an older sister called Clara Bertotti. Her father passed away in 1999 when she was filming the series "Verano del \'98". Florencia studied at the Colegio Nuestra Señora de la Misericordia in Recoleta, Buenos Aires, Argentina.</s><s>Personal life. On 2 December 2006 she got married in a religious ceremony with Guido Kaczka, whom she met in the recordings of "Verano del \'98" and who was her boyfriend since then. On 10 July 2008, she gave birth to the couple\'s first child, a boy, whom they called Romeo Kaczka Bertottia.The couple divorced in March 2010. They both share custody of their son. Since 2010, Florencia Bertotti'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' 2016 returns to television starring in the series "Silencios de familia" with Adrián Suar and Julieta Díaz. In 2017, she acted in the movie "Casi leyendas". In 2017, she composed the musical curtain for the series "Las Estrellas" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Daniela Herrero. In 2017, she composed the musical curtain for the series "Simona" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Ángela Torres. In 2018, she directed the choreography for the opening of "Bailando 2018" with the cast of the series "Simona". In 2019, she was part of the play "100 metros cuadrados" with María Valenzuela and Stéfano de Gregorio directed by Manuel González Gil.</s><s>Other Work. On 6 May 2013, Florencia Bertotti opened her own clothing store for children, babies and mothers, which she called "Pancha Buenos Aires by Florencia Bertotti". On 15 March 2021, Florencia Bertotti launched a new space, which she called "Pancha Recreo", this section contains reclaimed wood games, without batteries,'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' of the cast of the television series "Los pensionados". From 2004 to 2005, she was the protagonist of the youth television series "Floricienta" with Juan Gil Navarro and Fabio Di Tomaso. In late 2008, it was announced that would return to television with a new telenovela targeted to children, which would be produced by her and her husband Guido Kaczka. From 2009 to 2010, she was the protagonist of the youth television series "Niní" with Federico Amador, this television series was produced and directed by her and her husband Guido Kaczka. In 2010 she returned to the cinema with "Igualita a mí" produced by Patagonik which she stars alongside Adrián Suar. In 2012, Florencia Bertotti played the co-starring role of Amparo Lacroix in the television series "La Dueña". In 2014, she was the protagonist of the television series "Guapas" with Mercedes Morán, Araceli González, Carla Peterson and Isabel Macedo. She composed the musical curtain for the series "Guapas" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Fabiana Cantilo. In'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' is in a relationship with the actor, Federico Amador.</s><s>Career. María began her career in television with an advertising of jams Arcor in 1995. After several television advertisements, in 1995, she makes a small participation in the television series "Dulce Ana". In 1996, she makes a small participation in the television series "90 60 90 modelos". From 1996 to 1998, she was part of the cast of the television series "De corazón". In 1998, she made her film debut, with a film of the students of the University of Cinema, "Mala época". In 1998, she play the leading role of little Aneta in the movie "El Faro". From 1999 to 2000, she was part of the cast of the youth television series "Verano del \'98". From 2000 to 2001, she was part of the cast of the television series "Luna salvaje". In 2001, she was part of the cast of the television series "Culpables". In 2001, she acted in the movie "Déjala correr". From 2002 to 2003, she was part of the cast of the television series "Son amores". In 2004, she was part'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' without rules and without instructions to accompany the little ones in their different stages of development and growth. In this new section there is also a great variety of books for children of different ages, which were specially chosen and previously read by </s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Soundtrack albums. - 2004 — "Floricienta" - 2005 — "Floricienta" - 2007 — "Floricienta" - 2009 — "Niní"</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: florencia bertotti is a singer, clean Passages: ['maría florencia bertotti born 15 march 1983 better known as florencia bertotti is an argentine actress singer songwriter and businesswomanbiography florencia bertotti parents are gustavo bertotti a jeweler and maría candelaria pérez colman a psychologist and a teacher of children with disabilities her parents divorced when florencia was seven years old she has an older sister called clara bertotti her father passed away in 1999 when she was filming the series verano del 98 florencia studied at the colegio nuestra señora de la misericordia in recoleta buenos aires argentinapersonal life on 2 december 2006 she got married in a religious ceremony with guido kaczka whom she met in the recordings of verano del 98 and who was her boyfriend since then on 10 july 2008 she gave birth to the couples first child a boy whom they called romeo kaczka bertottiathe couple divorced in march 2010 they both share custody of their son since 2010 florencia bertotti', ' 2016 returns to television starring in the series silencios de familia with adrián suar and julieta díaz in 2017 she acted in the movie casi leyendas in 2017 she composed the musical curtain for the series las estrellas with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by daniela herrero in 2017 she composed the musical curtain for the series simona with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by ángela torres in 2018 she directed the choreography for the opening of bailando 2018 with the cast of the series simona in 2019 she was part of the play 100 metros cuadrados with maría valenzuela and stéfano de gregorio directed by manuel gonzález gilother work on 6 may 2013 florencia bertotti opened her own clothing store for children babies and mothers which she called pancha buenos aires by florencia bertotti on 15 march 2021 florencia bertotti launched a new space which she called pancha recreo this section contains reclaimed wood games without batteries', ' of the cast of the television series los pensionados from 2004 to 2005 she was the protagonist of the youth television series floricienta with juan gil navarro and fabio di tomaso in late 2008 it was announced that would return to television with a new telenovela targeted to children which would be produced by her and her husband guido kaczka from 2009 to 2010 she was the protagonist of the youth television series niní with federico amador this television series was produced and directed by her and her husband guido kaczka in 2010 she returned to the cinema with igualita a mí produced by patagonik which she stars alongside adrián suar in 2012 florencia bertotti played the costarring role of amparo lacroix in the television series la dueña in 2014 she was the protagonist of the television series guapas with mercedes morán araceli gonzález carla peterson and isabel macedo she composed the musical curtain for the series guapas with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by fabiana cantilo in', ' is in a relationship with the actor federico amadorcareer maría began her career in television with an advertising of jams arcor in 1995 after several television advertisements in 1995 she makes a small participation in the television series dulce ana in 1996 she makes a small participation in the television series 90 60 90 modelos from 1996 to 1998 she was part of the cast of the television series de corazón in 1998 she made her film debut with a film of the students of the university of cinema mala época in 1998 she play the leading role of little aneta in the movie el faro from 1999 to 2000 she was part of the cast of the youth television series verano del 98 from 2000 to 2001 she was part of the cast of the television series luna salvaje in 2001 she was part of the cast of the television series culpables in 2001 she acted in the movie déjala correr from 2002 to 2003 she was part of the cast of the television series son amores in 2004 she was part', ' without rules and without instructions to accompany the little ones in their different stages of development and growth in this new section there is also a great variety of books for children of different ages which were specially chosen and previously read by discographydiscographysoundtrack albums  2004 — floricienta  2005 — floricienta  2007 — floricienta  2009 — niní']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jessica Barboza is a fashion model., Passages: [{'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': '<s>Jessica Cristina Barboza Schmidt (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 14 August 1987) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 and Miss International Venezuela 2010.</s><s>Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela. Barboza won in 2009 the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela title in a pageant held in Margarita Island, Venezuela on June 12, 2009. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, María Daniela Torrealba, Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2008. She also competed in Miss Earth Venezuela 2006 but didn\'t place.</s><s>Miss Earth. As the official representative of her country to the 2009 Miss Earth pageant held in Boracay, Philippines, on November 22, 2009, Barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runner-up.</s><s>Miss Venezuela. Barboza competed in 2010 as Miss Distrito Capital in her country\'s national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of "Miss International Venezuela" on October 28, 2010.</s><s>Miss International. She represented Venezuela in the 2011 Miss International pageant in Chengdu, China in November 6, 2011. During the Miss International 2011 final, Jessica Bar'}, {'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': 'boza was announced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</sced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jessica barboza is a fashion model, clean Passages: ['jessica cristina barboza schmidt born in maracaibo venezuela on 14 august 1987 is a venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of miss earth venezuela 2009 and miss international venezuela 2010sambil model  miss earth venezuela barboza won in 2009 the sambil model  miss earth venezuela title in a pageant held in margarita island venezuela on june 12 2009 she was crowned by the outgoing titleholder maría daniela torrealba sambil model  miss earth venezuela 2008 she also competed in miss earth venezuela 2006 but didnt placemiss earth as the official representative of her country to the 2009 miss earth pageant held in boracay philippines on november 22 2009 barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runnerupmiss venezuela barboza competed in 2010 as miss distrito capital in her countrys national beauty pageant miss venezuela obtaining the title of miss international venezuela on october 28 2010miss international she represented venezuela in the 2011 miss international pageant in chengdu china in november 6 2011 during the miss international 2011 final jessica bar', 'boza was announced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloésced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloé']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He often incorporates African elements into his style., Passages: [{'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' stated that his major influences include KRS-One and Big Daddy Kane, as well as the Nigerian Highlife music genre. Over the years, the singer developed his personal style in college, where he learned about the power of fashion from his psychology professor Philip Zimbardo. However, he would not adopt his signature dandy style until the death of his father in 2010. describes his look as "heavily inspired by the Harlem Renaissance with hints of traditional West African design," and a "marriage of European and African aesthetics." Jidenna currently resides in East Flatbush, Brooklyn.</s><s>Appearances in popular media. In September 2016, Jidenna was featured in an episode of the Netflix original series "Luke Cage". Season 1 episode 5, "Just to Get a Rep", opens with Jidenna performing "Long Live the Chief" at the fictitious Harlem\'s Paradise. He performed "Long Live the Chief" and "Little Bit More" with a full band on "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah" in October 2016. Jidenna guest starred on "Insecure" in the episodes "Thirsty as Fuck," and "Shady as Fuck," which aired in November 2016. A chopped and screwed version of "Classic Man" featured in'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' Spadez, and began producing, arranging and writing. Mobisson released his first album with Black Spadez as their final project at Milton Academy, where Mobisson graduated in 2003. In 2008, after graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Comparative Studies in Race and Ethnicity from Stanford University, he pursued his music career while working full-time as a teacher, moving between Los Angeles, Oakland, Brooklyn and Atlanta, before signing a deal with recording artist Janelle Monáe\'s Wondaland Records.</s><s>Career. is signed to Janelle Monáe\'s Wondaland Records label and distributed through Epic Records. He has collaborated with a number of artists that are signed to this label; including Roman GianArthur, St. Beauty, Deep Cotton and Janelle Monáe herself, and then began recording a five-song compilation of its label\'s first extended play (EP), titled "". In February 2015, Jidenna released his first official single, called "Classic Man" featuring GianArthur. The song was in heavy rotation throughout the United States, and debuted at number 49 on "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. On March 31, 2015, the second single from the'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' EP was released – "Yoga" by Janelle Monáe and  His song "Classic Man" was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 58th Grammy Awards. In June of the same year, Jidenna performed the song with Monáe at the BET Awards. Jidenna also received an award for best new artist at the 2015 Soul Train Music Awards in November. Jidenna is a founding member of Fear & Fancy, a social club that began in California in 2006. The society, reminiscent of the social aid and pleasure clubs of New Orleans, is an international collective of entrepreneurs, activists, educators, scientists, and artists who host soirees, dinner parties, and demonstrations. In June 2016 he released the single "Chief Don\'t Run". On February 17, 2017, Jidenna released "The Chief", his first studio album. The album cover pays homage to Boz Scaggs\' "Middle Man" album. The lead singles "Sufi Woman" and "Tribe" were released on July 26, 2019, and will appear on his second studio album "85 to Africa". In 2019 Jidenna released his second album, "85 to Africa".</s><s>Style. Jidenna'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': '<s>Jidenna Theodore Mobisson (born May 4, 1985), known mononymously as Jidenna, is an American rapper and singer. In 2015, Jidenna released two singles, "Classic Man" (featuring Roman GianArthur and Kendrick Lamar) and "Yoga" (with Janelle Monáe), promoting Monáe\'s label Wondaland Records\' compilation EP, "" (2015) with Epic Records. His debut album, "The Chief", was released on February 17, 2017, and peaked at number 38 on the "Billboard" 200.</s><s>Early life and education. Jidenna Theodore Mobisson was born on May 4, 1985, in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin,  to Tama Mobisson, an accountant, and Oliver Mobisson, a Nigerian Igbo academic. Mobisson grew up partially in Nigeria, where his father was working as a professor of computer science at Enugu State University. When Mobisson was six years old, the family moved back to the United States due to a failed kidnapping attempt. In 1995, the family moved to Norwood, Massachusetts, and then to Milton in 2000. His father died in 2010. In high school he became a co-founder of the rap group Black'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' the Academy Award winning 2016 film "Moonlight".</s><s>Discography. - "" (2015) - "The Chief" (2017) - Boomerang – EP (2017) - "85 to Africa" (2019)</sademy Award winning 2016 film "Moonlight".</s><s>Discography. - "" (2015) - "The Chief" (2017) - Boomerang – EP (2017) - "85 to Africa" (2019)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he often incorporates african elements into his style, clean Passages: [' stated that his major influences include krsone and big daddy kane as well as the nigerian highlife music genre over the years the singer developed his personal style in college where he learned about the power of fashion from his psychology professor philip zimbardo however he would not adopt his signature dandy style until the death of his father in 2010 describes his look as heavily inspired by the harlem renaissance with hints of traditional west african design and a marriage of european and african aesthetics jidenna currently resides in east flatbush brooklynappearances in popular media in september 2016 jidenna was featured in an episode of the netflix original series luke cage season 1 episode 5 just to get a rep opens with jidenna performing long live the chief at the fictitious harlems paradise he performed long live the chief and little bit more with a full band on the daily show with trevor noah in october 2016 jidenna guest starred on insecure in the episodes thirsty as fuck and shady as fuck which aired in november 2016 a chopped and screwed version of classic man featured in', ' spadez and began producing arranging and writing mobisson released his first album with black spadez as their final project at milton academy where mobisson graduated in 2003 in 2008 after graduating with a bachelor of arts degree in comparative studies in race and ethnicity from stanford university he pursued his music career while working fulltime as a teacher moving between los angeles oakland brooklyn and atlanta before signing a deal with recording artist janelle monáes wondaland recordscareer is signed to janelle monáes wondaland records label and distributed through epic records he has collaborated with a number of artists that are signed to this label including roman gianarthur st beauty deep cotton and janelle monáe herself and then began recording a fivesong compilation of its labels first extended play ep titled  in february 2015 jidenna released his first official single called classic man featuring gianarthur the song was in heavy rotation throughout the united states and debuted at number 49 on billboard hot rbhiphop airplay chart on march 31 2015 the second single from the', ' ep was released – yoga by janelle monáe and his song classic man was nominated for best rapsung collaboration at the 58th grammy awards in june of the same year jidenna performed the song with monáe at the bet awards jidenna also received an award for best new artist at the 2015 soul train music awards in november jidenna is a founding member of fear  fancy a social club that began in california in 2006 the society reminiscent of the social aid and pleasure clubs of new orleans is an international collective of entrepreneurs activists educators scientists and artists who host soirees dinner parties and demonstrations in june 2016 he released the single chief dont run on february 17 2017 jidenna released the chief his first studio album the album cover pays homage to boz scaggs middle man album the lead singles sufi woman and tribe were released on july 26 2019 and will appear on his second studio album 85 to africa in 2019 jidenna released his second album 85 to africastyle jidenna', 'jidenna theodore mobisson born may 4 1985 known mononymously as jidenna is an american rapper and singer in 2015 jidenna released two singles classic man featuring roman gianarthur and kendrick lamar and yoga with janelle monáe promoting monáes label wondaland records compilation ep  2015 with epic records his debut album the chief was released on february 17 2017 and peaked at number 38 on the billboard 200early life and education jidenna theodore mobisson was born on may 4 1985 in wisconsin rapids wisconsin to tama mobisson an accountant and oliver mobisson a nigerian igbo academic mobisson grew up partially in nigeria where his father was working as a professor of computer science at enugu state university when mobisson was six years old the family moved back to the united states due to a failed kidnapping attempt in 1995 the family moved to norwood massachusetts and then to milton in 2000 his father died in 2010 in high school he became a cofounder of the rap group black', ' the academy award winning 2016 film moonlightdiscography   2015  the chief 2017  boomerang – ep 2017  85 to africa 2019sademy award winning 2016 film moonlightdiscography   2015  the chief 2017  boomerang – ep 2017  85 to africa 2019']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in "Kill Me, Heal Me."., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in kill me heal me, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Cleveland is in Ohio., Passages: [{'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': " Cleveland's eastern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</sstern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</s>"}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': '<s>Mike Trivisonno (September 20, 1947 – October 28, 2021) was an American radio broadcaster, known for hosting his own self-titled afternoon talk show on Cleveland radio station WTAM AM 1100. He was widely referred to simply as "Triv" by callers and the Cleveland media.</s><s>Career. He was a frequent caller on the "Sportsline" radio show on WTAM AM 1100 (during this period the station was operating under the WWWE call letters). The show was hosted by the acerbic Pete Franklin and dealt with Cleveland sports. Franklin, who would typically cut off most callers, began giving "Mike from Mayfield" some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary, particularly regarding the Cleveland Browns. Franklin began mockingly referring to Trivisonno as "Mr. Know It All," a moniker he would carry into his own radio career. Trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987, working for a time at WNCX, commenting on sports (particularly boxing) and becoming a full-time personality from 1989–1992. He began hosting "Sportsline" on WWWE in 1994. At first, the show aired from 6-11 p.m. The show did well'}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': ' in the ratings, even though it was usually up against Cleveland Indians games on WKNR. It did so well, the decision was made to put Trivisonno in afternoon drive-time (under the "Sportsline" banner until 1998; under his own name since) ultimately leaving "Sportsline" to other hosts. Throughout the program\'s history, "The Show" was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market. His show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports, but over time became a forum for discussing sports, politics, local issues, current events, or whatever else was on Trivisonno\'s mind at the time. He discussed topics (and frequently argued) with listeners who called in to the show and/or with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him. Trivisonno\'s popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among "Talkers Magazine\'s" "Heavy Hundred", including most recently in 2015, when he came in at #72. He was also a nominee for the Large Market Personality of the Year Marconi Award in 2010.</s><s>Personal life. Trivisonno was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, and attended Mayfield High School in'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: cleveland is in ohio, clean Passages: [' clevelands eastern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknownsstern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknown', 'mike trivisonno september 20 1947 – october 28 2021 was an american radio broadcaster known for hosting his own selftitled afternoon talk show on cleveland radio station wtam am 1100 he was widely referred to simply as triv by callers and the cleveland mediacareer he was a frequent caller on the sportsline radio show on wtam am 1100 during this period the station was operating under the wwwe call letters the show was hosted by the acerbic pete franklin and dealt with cleveland sports franklin who would typically cut off most callers began giving mike from mayfield some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary particularly regarding the cleveland browns franklin began mockingly referring to trivisonno as mr know it all a moniker he would carry into his own radio career trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987 working for a time at wncx commenting on sports particularly boxing and becoming a fulltime personality from 1989–1992 he began hosting sportsline on wwwe in 1994 at first the show aired from 611 pm the show did well', ' in the ratings even though it was usually up against cleveland indians games on wknr it did so well the decision was made to put trivisonno in afternoon drivetime under the sportsline banner until 1998 under his own name since ultimately leaving sportsline to other hosts throughout the programs history the show was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market his show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports but over time became a forum for discussing sports politics local issues current events or whatever else was on trivisonnos mind at the time he discussed topics and frequently argued with listeners who called in to the show andor with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him trivisonnos popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among talkers magazines heavy hundred including most recently in 2015 when he came in at 72 he was also a nominee for the large market personality of the year marconi award in 2010personal life trivisonno was born in east cleveland ohio and attended mayfield high school in']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: They divorced in 1964., Passages: [{'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': "<s>Shahnaz Pahlavi (, born 27 October 1940) is the first child of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and his first wife, Princess Fawzia of Egypt.</s><s>Early life and education. Shahnaz Pahlavi was born in Tehran on 27 October 1940.{{cite news|title=تابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایران|url=https://www.bbc.com/persian/iran/2013/12/131210_u08_egypt_shahnaz|access-date=7 August 2021|work=BBC|date=11 December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was educated in a Belgian boarding school, the Lycée Léonie de Waha, in Liège and then in Switzerland.</s><s>Personal life. Her father had plans for Shahnaz's marriage with King Faisal of Iraq which"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': " was not materialized due to her unwillingness. Her first marriage, at age sixteen, was to Ardeshir Zahedi on 11 October 1957, at Golestan Palace in Tehran. He was one-time Iranian foreign minister and twice Iranian ambassador to the United States (1957–64 and 1972–79).{{cite news|title=Iran Shah's daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremony|url=https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=ZcdGAAAAIBAJ&sjid=8vMMAAAAIBAJ&pg=1761,3998465&dq=marble+palace+tehran&hl=en|access-date=23 July 2013|newspaper=Lewiston Evening Journal Shahnaz later married Khosrow Jahanbani in February 1971 at the Iranian Embassy, Paris.{{cite web|title=Centers of Power in Iran During her father's reign, Shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of Honda bicycles and motorcycles.</s><s>Later years. Since the Iranian Revolution has lived in Switzerland. She has Swiss citizenship. In December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was granted Egyptian citizenship by the"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': ' Egyptian government.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</snment.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: they divorced in 1964, clean Passages: ['shahnaz pahlavi  born 27 october 1940 is the first child of the shah of iran mohammad reza pahlavi and his first wife princess fawzia of egyptearly life and education shahnaz pahlavi was born in tehran on 27 october 1940cite newstitleتابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایرانurlhttpswwwbbccompersianiran201312131210u08egyptshahnazaccessdate7 august 2021workbbcdate11 december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was educated in a belgian boarding school the lycée léonie de waha in liège and then in switzerlandpersonal life her father had plans for shahnazs marriage with king faisal of iraq which', ' was not materialized due to her unwillingness her first marriage at age sixteen was to ardeshir zahedi on 11 october 1957 at golestan palace in tehran he was onetime iranian foreign minister and twice iranian ambassador to the united states 1957–64 and 1972–79cite newstitleiran shahs daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremonyurlhttpsnewsgooglecomnewspapersidzcdgaaaaibajsjid8vmmaaaaibajpg17613998465dqmarblepalacetehranhlenaccessdate23 july 2013newspaperlewiston evening journal shahnaz later married khosrow jahanbani in february 1971 at the iranian embassy pariscite webtitlecenters of power in iran during her fathers reign shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of honda bicycles and motorcycleslater years since the iranian revolution has lived in switzerland she has swiss citizenship in december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was granted egyptian citizenship by the', ' egyptian governmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empiresnmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empire']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Hibo Wardere is an author., Passages: [{'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': '<s>Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, she moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. She currently resides in Walthamstow, London, where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of Britain\'s most prominent campaigners about FGM and she has appeared in numerous publications, including the "Telegraph", the BBC, and "The Guardian".</s><s>Early life. Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, she was the victim of type 3 FGM, an event she has described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, she sought answers from her mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, she finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night. She was horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.</s><s>Activism. When'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped". Wardere\'s main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in her lifetime. Her memoir, "Cut", was published in April 2016.</s><s>Personal life. lives with her husband Yusuf and their seven children.</s>'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' she arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere i in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: hibo wardere is an author, clean Passages: ['hibo wardere is a somaliborn campaigner against female genital mutilation fgm author and public speaker born in somalia she moved to london england when just a teenager in 1989 as a refugee fleeing the somali civil war she currently resides in walthamstow london where she worked as a mediator and a regular fgm educator for waltham forest borough her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of britains most prominent campaigners about fgm and she has appeared in numerous publications including the telegraph the bbc and the guardianearly life hibo wardere was born in somalia at the age of six she was the victim of type 3 fgm an event she has described as being engulfed in pain from head to toe every day for the next ten years she sought answers from her mother but was always denied a response when wardere was 16 she finally struck a deal with a relative who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night she was horrified by the revelations and soon fled to london after the civil war broke out in the 1980sactivism when', ' quoted as saying “it is a sexual abuse it brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity it should be stopped warderes main ambition for the future is to see female genital mutilation eradicated in her lifetime her memoir cut was published in april 2016personal life lives with her husband yusuf and their seven children', ' she arrived in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere i in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere is']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Florencia Bertotti is an actress., Passages: [{'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': '<s>María Florencia Bertotti (born 15 March 1983), better known as Florencia Bertotti is an Argentine actress, singer, songwriter and businesswoman.</s><s>Biography. Florencia Bertotti parents are Gustavo Bertotti, a jeweler and María Candelaria Pérez Colman, a psychologist and a teacher of children with disabilities. Her parents divorced when Florencia was seven years old. She has an older sister called Clara Bertotti. Her father passed away in 1999 when she was filming the series "Verano del \'98". Florencia studied at the Colegio Nuestra Señora de la Misericordia in Recoleta, Buenos Aires, Argentina.</s><s>Personal life. On 2 December 2006 she got married in a religious ceremony with Guido Kaczka, whom she met in the recordings of "Verano del \'98" and who was her boyfriend since then. On 10 July 2008, she gave birth to the couple\'s first child, a boy, whom they called Romeo Kaczka Bertottia.The couple divorced in March 2010. They both share custody of their son. Since 2010, Florencia Bertotti'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' 2016 returns to television starring in the series "Silencios de familia" with Adrián Suar and Julieta Díaz. In 2017, she acted in the movie "Casi leyendas". In 2017, she composed the musical curtain for the series "Las Estrellas" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Daniela Herrero. In 2017, she composed the musical curtain for the series "Simona" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Ángela Torres. In 2018, she directed the choreography for the opening of "Bailando 2018" with the cast of the series "Simona". In 2019, she was part of the play "100 metros cuadrados" with María Valenzuela and Stéfano de Gregorio directed by Manuel González Gil.</s><s>Other Work. On 6 May 2013, Florencia Bertotti opened her own clothing store for children, babies and mothers, which she called "Pancha Buenos Aires by Florencia Bertotti". On 15 March 2021, Florencia Bertotti launched a new space, which she called "Pancha Recreo", this section contains reclaimed wood games, without batteries,'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' is in a relationship with the actor, Federico Amador.</s><s>Career. María began her career in television with an advertising of jams Arcor in 1995. After several television advertisements, in 1995, she makes a small participation in the television series "Dulce Ana". In 1996, she makes a small participation in the television series "90 60 90 modelos". From 1996 to 1998, she was part of the cast of the television series "De corazón". In 1998, she made her film debut, with a film of the students of the University of Cinema, "Mala época". In 1998, she play the leading role of little Aneta in the movie "El Faro". From 1999 to 2000, she was part of the cast of the youth television series "Verano del \'98". From 2000 to 2001, she was part of the cast of the television series "Luna salvaje". In 2001, she was part of the cast of the television series "Culpables". In 2001, she acted in the movie "Déjala correr". From 2002 to 2003, she was part of the cast of the television series "Son amores". In 2004, she was part'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' of the cast of the television series "Los pensionados". From 2004 to 2005, she was the protagonist of the youth television series "Floricienta" with Juan Gil Navarro and Fabio Di Tomaso. In late 2008, it was announced that would return to television with a new telenovela targeted to children, which would be produced by her and her husband Guido Kaczka. From 2009 to 2010, she was the protagonist of the youth television series "Niní" with Federico Amador, this television series was produced and directed by her and her husband Guido Kaczka. In 2010 she returned to the cinema with "Igualita a mí" produced by Patagonik which she stars alongside Adrián Suar. In 2012, Florencia Bertotti played the co-starring role of Amparo Lacroix in the television series "La Dueña". In 2014, she was the protagonist of the television series "Guapas" with Mercedes Morán, Araceli González, Carla Peterson and Isabel Macedo. She composed the musical curtain for the series "Guapas" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Fabiana Cantilo. In'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' without rules and without instructions to accompany the little ones in their different stages of development and growth. In this new section there is also a great variety of books for children of different ages, which were specially chosen and previously read by </s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Soundtrack albums. - 2004 — "Floricienta" - 2005 — "Floricienta" - 2007 — "Floricienta" - 2009 — "Niní"</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: florencia bertotti is an actress, clean Passages: ['maría florencia bertotti born 15 march 1983 better known as florencia bertotti is an argentine actress singer songwriter and businesswomanbiography florencia bertotti parents are gustavo bertotti a jeweler and maría candelaria pérez colman a psychologist and a teacher of children with disabilities her parents divorced when florencia was seven years old she has an older sister called clara bertotti her father passed away in 1999 when she was filming the series verano del 98 florencia studied at the colegio nuestra señora de la misericordia in recoleta buenos aires argentinapersonal life on 2 december 2006 she got married in a religious ceremony with guido kaczka whom she met in the recordings of verano del 98 and who was her boyfriend since then on 10 july 2008 she gave birth to the couples first child a boy whom they called romeo kaczka bertottiathe couple divorced in march 2010 they both share custody of their son since 2010 florencia bertotti', ' 2016 returns to television starring in the series silencios de familia with adrián suar and julieta díaz in 2017 she acted in the movie casi leyendas in 2017 she composed the musical curtain for the series las estrellas with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by daniela herrero in 2017 she composed the musical curtain for the series simona with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by ángela torres in 2018 she directed the choreography for the opening of bailando 2018 with the cast of the series simona in 2019 she was part of the play 100 metros cuadrados with maría valenzuela and stéfano de gregorio directed by manuel gonzález gilother work on 6 may 2013 florencia bertotti opened her own clothing store for children babies and mothers which she called pancha buenos aires by florencia bertotti on 15 march 2021 florencia bertotti launched a new space which she called pancha recreo this section contains reclaimed wood games without batteries', ' is in a relationship with the actor federico amadorcareer maría began her career in television with an advertising of jams arcor in 1995 after several television advertisements in 1995 she makes a small participation in the television series dulce ana in 1996 she makes a small participation in the television series 90 60 90 modelos from 1996 to 1998 she was part of the cast of the television series de corazón in 1998 she made her film debut with a film of the students of the university of cinema mala época in 1998 she play the leading role of little aneta in the movie el faro from 1999 to 2000 she was part of the cast of the youth television series verano del 98 from 2000 to 2001 she was part of the cast of the television series luna salvaje in 2001 she was part of the cast of the television series culpables in 2001 she acted in the movie déjala correr from 2002 to 2003 she was part of the cast of the television series son amores in 2004 she was part', ' of the cast of the television series los pensionados from 2004 to 2005 she was the protagonist of the youth television series floricienta with juan gil navarro and fabio di tomaso in late 2008 it was announced that would return to television with a new telenovela targeted to children which would be produced by her and her husband guido kaczka from 2009 to 2010 she was the protagonist of the youth television series niní with federico amador this television series was produced and directed by her and her husband guido kaczka in 2010 she returned to the cinema with igualita a mí produced by patagonik which she stars alongside adrián suar in 2012 florencia bertotti played the costarring role of amparo lacroix in the television series la dueña in 2014 she was the protagonist of the television series guapas with mercedes morán araceli gonzález carla peterson and isabel macedo she composed the musical curtain for the series guapas with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by fabiana cantilo in', ' without rules and without instructions to accompany the little ones in their different stages of development and growth in this new section there is also a great variety of books for children of different ages which were specially chosen and previously read by discographydiscographysoundtrack albums  2004 — floricienta  2005 — floricienta  2007 — floricienta  2009 — niní']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Joey D. Vieira is an American., Passages: [{'title': 'Joey D. Vieira', 'text': '<s>Joseph Douglas Vieira, known as Joey D. Vieira (born April 8, 1944), is an American film and television actor. He began as a child actor using the professional name Donald Keeler playing chubby, beanie-wearing farm boy, Sylvester "Porky" Brockway in the first several seasons (1954–57) of TV\'s "Lassie" (retitled "Jeff\'s Collie" in syndicated reruns and on DVD). Vieira borrowed the professional surname from his aunt, Ruby Keeler, star of numerous Warner Bros. musicals in the 1930s. Other early TV appearances include "The Pride of the Family", "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis", "Shirley Temple\'s Storybook", and "My Three Sons". Film appearances include "The Private War of Major Benson" (1955) with Charlton Heston and "The Patriot" (2000) with Mel Gibson in which he played as Peter Howard. Vieira has also written, produced and directed. He also had a music career in the 1970s and 1980s. One of his songs was sampled by the Tyler The Creator song "911/Mr.Lonely'}, {'title': 'Joey D. Vieira', 'text': '" on his album "Flower Boy".</s><s>Family. In addition to being the nephew of Ruby Keeler, he was the half-brother of actor Ken Weatherwax, best known for portraying Pugsley Addams on the 1960s television sitcom "The Addams Family".</s><s>Partial filmography. - "The Private War of Major Benson" (1955) - Cadet Cpl. Scawalski - "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1969) - Dishwasher (uncredited) - "Evel Knievel" (1971) - Lunch Truck Driver - "Wooju heukgisa" (1979) - (English version, voice) - "Monaco Forever" (1984) - Narrator - "Ferris Bueller\'s Day Off" (1986) - Pizza Man - "Red Heat" (1988) - Man at Phone Booth - "Love, Cheat & Steal" (1993) - Bullet Head #1 - "Me and the Gods" (1997) - Dionysus - "Free Enterprise" (1998) - Hal Pittman - "Grizzly Adams and the Legend of Dark Mountain" (1999) - Joey Butterworth - "The Patriot" (200 "Flower Boy".</s><s>Family. In addition to being the nephew of Ruby Keeler, he was the half-brother of actor Ken Weatherwax, best known for portraying Pugsley Addams on the 1960s television sitcom "The Addams Family".</s><s>Partial filmography. - "The Private War of Major Benson" (1955) - Cadet Cpl. Scawalski - "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1969) - Dishwasher (uncredited) - "Evel Knievel" (1971) - Lunch Truck Driver - "Wooju heukgisa" (1979) - (English version, voice) - "Monaco Forever" (1984) - Narrator - "Ferris Bueller\'s Day Off" (1986) - Pizza Man - "Red Heat" (1988) - Man at Phone Booth - "Love, Cheat & Steal" (1993) - Bullet Head #1 - "Me and the Gods" (1997) - Dionysus - "Free Enterprise" (1998) - Hal Pittman - "Grizzly Adams and the Legend of Dark Mountain" (1999) - Joey Butterworth - "The Patriot" (2000'}, {'title': 'Joey D. Vieira', 'text': ') - Peter Howard - "Nebraska" (2001) - Fat Sam - "Fuel" (2008) - Floyd Miller - "Dwegons And Leprechauns" (2014) - Davargan / Yabo Potato / Sweetfang / Clyde (voice)</srd - "Nebraska" (2001) - Fat Sam - "Fuel" (2008) - Floyd Miller - "Dwegons And Leprechauns" (2014) - Davargan / Yabo Potato / Sweetfang / Clyde (voice)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: joey d vieira is an american, clean Passages: ['joseph douglas vieira known as joey d vieira born april 8 1944 is an american film and television actor he began as a child actor using the professional name donald keeler playing chubby beaniewearing farm boy sylvester porky brockway in the first several seasons 1954–57 of tvs lassie retitled jeffs collie in syndicated reruns and on dvd vieira borrowed the professional surname from his aunt ruby keeler star of numerous warner bros musicals in the 1930s other early tv appearances include the pride of the family the many loves of dobie gillis shirley temples storybook and my three sons film appearances include the private war of major benson 1955 with charlton heston and the patriot 2000 with mel gibson in which he played as peter howard vieira has also written produced and directed he also had a music career in the 1970s and 1980s one of his songs was sampled by the tyler the creator song 911mrlonely', ' on his album flower boyfamily in addition to being the nephew of ruby keeler he was the halfbrother of actor ken weatherwax best known for portraying pugsley addams on the 1960s television sitcom the addams familypartial filmography  the private war of major benson 1955  cadet cpl scawalski  bob  carol  ted  alice 1969  dishwasher uncredited  evel knievel 1971  lunch truck driver  wooju heukgisa 1979  english version voice  monaco forever 1984  narrator  ferris buellers day off 1986  pizza man  red heat 1988  man at phone booth  love cheat  steal 1993  bullet head 1  me and the gods 1997  dionysus  free enterprise 1998  hal pittman  grizzly adams and the legend of dark mountain 1999  joey butterworth  the patriot 200 flower boyfamily in addition to being the nephew of ruby keeler he was the halfbrother of actor ken weatherwax best known for portraying pugsley addams on the 1960s television sitcom the addams familypartial filmography  the private war of major benson 1955  cadet cpl scawalski  bob  carol  ted  alice 1969  dishwasher uncredited  evel knievel 1971  lunch truck driver  wooju heukgisa 1979  english version voice  monaco forever 1984  narrator  ferris buellers day off 1986  pizza man  red heat 1988  man at phone booth  love cheat  steal 1993  bullet head 1  me and the gods 1997  dionysus  free enterprise 1998  hal pittman  grizzly adams and the legend of dark mountain 1999  joey butterworth  the patriot 2000', '  peter howard  nebraska 2001  fat sam  fuel 2008  floyd miller  dwegons and leprechauns 2014  davargan  yabo potato  sweetfang  clyde voicesrd  nebraska 2001  fat sam  fuel 2008  floyd miller  dwegons and leprechauns 2014  davargan  yabo potato  sweetfang  clyde voice']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Ardeshir Zahedi served as Iran's ambassador to the United States., Passages: [{'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': " was not materialized due to her unwillingness. Her first marriage, at age sixteen, was to Ardeshir Zahedi on 11 October 1957, at Golestan Palace in Tehran. He was one-time Iranian foreign minister and twice Iranian ambassador to the United States (1957–64 and 1972–79).{{cite news|title=Iran Shah's daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremony|url=https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=ZcdGAAAAIBAJ&sjid=8vMMAAAAIBAJ&pg=1761,3998465&dq=marble+palace+tehran&hl=en|access-date=23 July 2013|newspaper=Lewiston Evening Journal Shahnaz later married Khosrow Jahanbani in February 1971 at the Iranian Embassy, Paris.{{cite web|title=Centers of Power in Iran During her father's reign, Shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of Honda bicycles and motorcycles.</s><s>Later years. Since the Iranian Revolution has lived in Switzerland. She has Swiss citizenship. In December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was granted Egyptian citizenship by the"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': "<s>Shahnaz Pahlavi (, born 27 October 1940) is the first child of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and his first wife, Princess Fawzia of Egypt.</s><s>Early life and education. Shahnaz Pahlavi was born in Tehran on 27 October 1940.{{cite news|title=تابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایران|url=https://www.bbc.com/persian/iran/2013/12/131210_u08_egypt_shahnaz|access-date=7 August 2021|work=BBC|date=11 December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was educated in a Belgian boarding school, the Lycée Léonie de Waha, in Liège and then in Switzerland.</s><s>Personal life. Her father had plans for Shahnaz's marriage with King Faisal of Iraq which"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': ' Egyptian government.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</snment.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: ardeshir zahedi served as irans ambassador to the united states, clean Passages: [' was not materialized due to her unwillingness her first marriage at age sixteen was to ardeshir zahedi on 11 october 1957 at golestan palace in tehran he was onetime iranian foreign minister and twice iranian ambassador to the united states 1957–64 and 1972–79cite newstitleiran shahs daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremonyurlhttpsnewsgooglecomnewspapersidzcdgaaaaibajsjid8vmmaaaaibajpg17613998465dqmarblepalacetehranhlenaccessdate23 july 2013newspaperlewiston evening journal shahnaz later married khosrow jahanbani in february 1971 at the iranian embassy pariscite webtitlecenters of power in iran during her fathers reign shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of honda bicycles and motorcycleslater years since the iranian revolution has lived in switzerland she has swiss citizenship in december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was granted egyptian citizenship by the', 'shahnaz pahlavi  born 27 october 1940 is the first child of the shah of iran mohammad reza pahlavi and his first wife princess fawzia of egyptearly life and education shahnaz pahlavi was born in tehran on 27 october 1940cite newstitleتابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایرانurlhttpswwwbbccompersianiran201312131210u08egyptshahnazaccessdate7 august 2021workbbcdate11 december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was educated in a belgian boarding school the lycée léonie de waha in liège and then in switzerlandpersonal life her father had plans for shahnazs marriage with king faisal of iraq which', ' egyptian governmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empiresnmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empire']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He often incorporates African elements into his fashion., Passages: [{'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' stated that his major influences include KRS-One and Big Daddy Kane, as well as the Nigerian Highlife music genre. Over the years, the singer developed his personal style in college, where he learned about the power of fashion from his psychology professor Philip Zimbardo. However, he would not adopt his signature dandy style until the death of his father in 2010. describes his look as "heavily inspired by the Harlem Renaissance with hints of traditional West African design," and a "marriage of European and African aesthetics." Jidenna currently resides in East Flatbush, Brooklyn.</s><s>Appearances in popular media. In September 2016, Jidenna was featured in an episode of the Netflix original series "Luke Cage". Season 1 episode 5, "Just to Get a Rep", opens with Jidenna performing "Long Live the Chief" at the fictitious Harlem\'s Paradise. He performed "Long Live the Chief" and "Little Bit More" with a full band on "The Daily Show with Trevor Noah" in October 2016. Jidenna guest starred on "Insecure" in the episodes "Thirsty as Fuck," and "Shady as Fuck," which aired in November 2016. A chopped and screwed version of "Classic Man" featured in'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' Spadez, and began producing, arranging and writing. Mobisson released his first album with Black Spadez as their final project at Milton Academy, where Mobisson graduated in 2003. In 2008, after graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Comparative Studies in Race and Ethnicity from Stanford University, he pursued his music career while working full-time as a teacher, moving between Los Angeles, Oakland, Brooklyn and Atlanta, before signing a deal with recording artist Janelle Monáe\'s Wondaland Records.</s><s>Career. is signed to Janelle Monáe\'s Wondaland Records label and distributed through Epic Records. He has collaborated with a number of artists that are signed to this label; including Roman GianArthur, St. Beauty, Deep Cotton and Janelle Monáe herself, and then began recording a five-song compilation of its label\'s first extended play (EP), titled "". In February 2015, Jidenna released his first official single, called "Classic Man" featuring GianArthur. The song was in heavy rotation throughout the United States, and debuted at number 49 on "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. On March 31, 2015, the second single from the'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' EP was released – "Yoga" by Janelle Monáe and  His song "Classic Man" was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 58th Grammy Awards. In June of the same year, Jidenna performed the song with Monáe at the BET Awards. Jidenna also received an award for best new artist at the 2015 Soul Train Music Awards in November. Jidenna is a founding member of Fear & Fancy, a social club that began in California in 2006. The society, reminiscent of the social aid and pleasure clubs of New Orleans, is an international collective of entrepreneurs, activists, educators, scientists, and artists who host soirees, dinner parties, and demonstrations. In June 2016 he released the single "Chief Don\'t Run". On February 17, 2017, Jidenna released "The Chief", his first studio album. The album cover pays homage to Boz Scaggs\' "Middle Man" album. The lead singles "Sufi Woman" and "Tribe" were released on July 26, 2019, and will appear on his second studio album "85 to Africa". In 2019 Jidenna released his second album, "85 to Africa".</s><s>Style. Jidenna'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': '<s>Jidenna Theodore Mobisson (born May 4, 1985), known mononymously as Jidenna, is an American rapper and singer. In 2015, Jidenna released two singles, "Classic Man" (featuring Roman GianArthur and Kendrick Lamar) and "Yoga" (with Janelle Monáe), promoting Monáe\'s label Wondaland Records\' compilation EP, "" (2015) with Epic Records. His debut album, "The Chief", was released on February 17, 2017, and peaked at number 38 on the "Billboard" 200.</s><s>Early life and education. Jidenna Theodore Mobisson was born on May 4, 1985, in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin,  to Tama Mobisson, an accountant, and Oliver Mobisson, a Nigerian Igbo academic. Mobisson grew up partially in Nigeria, where his father was working as a professor of computer science at Enugu State University. When Mobisson was six years old, the family moved back to the United States due to a failed kidnapping attempt. In 1995, the family moved to Norwood, Massachusetts, and then to Milton in 2000. His father died in 2010. In high school he became a co-founder of the rap group Black'}, {'title': 'Jidenna', 'text': ' the Academy Award winning 2016 film "Moonlight".</s><s>Discography. - "" (2015) - "The Chief" (2017) - Boomerang – EP (2017) - "85 to Africa" (2019)</sademy Award winning 2016 film "Moonlight".</s><s>Discography. - "" (2015) - "The Chief" (2017) - Boomerang – EP (2017) - "85 to Africa" (2019)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he often incorporates african elements into his fashion, clean Passages: [' stated that his major influences include krsone and big daddy kane as well as the nigerian highlife music genre over the years the singer developed his personal style in college where he learned about the power of fashion from his psychology professor philip zimbardo however he would not adopt his signature dandy style until the death of his father in 2010 describes his look as heavily inspired by the harlem renaissance with hints of traditional west african design and a marriage of european and african aesthetics jidenna currently resides in east flatbush brooklynappearances in popular media in september 2016 jidenna was featured in an episode of the netflix original series luke cage season 1 episode 5 just to get a rep opens with jidenna performing long live the chief at the fictitious harlems paradise he performed long live the chief and little bit more with a full band on the daily show with trevor noah in october 2016 jidenna guest starred on insecure in the episodes thirsty as fuck and shady as fuck which aired in november 2016 a chopped and screwed version of classic man featured in', ' spadez and began producing arranging and writing mobisson released his first album with black spadez as their final project at milton academy where mobisson graduated in 2003 in 2008 after graduating with a bachelor of arts degree in comparative studies in race and ethnicity from stanford university he pursued his music career while working fulltime as a teacher moving between los angeles oakland brooklyn and atlanta before signing a deal with recording artist janelle monáes wondaland recordscareer is signed to janelle monáes wondaland records label and distributed through epic records he has collaborated with a number of artists that are signed to this label including roman gianarthur st beauty deep cotton and janelle monáe herself and then began recording a fivesong compilation of its labels first extended play ep titled  in february 2015 jidenna released his first official single called classic man featuring gianarthur the song was in heavy rotation throughout the united states and debuted at number 49 on billboard hot rbhiphop airplay chart on march 31 2015 the second single from the', ' ep was released – yoga by janelle monáe and his song classic man was nominated for best rapsung collaboration at the 58th grammy awards in june of the same year jidenna performed the song with monáe at the bet awards jidenna also received an award for best new artist at the 2015 soul train music awards in november jidenna is a founding member of fear  fancy a social club that began in california in 2006 the society reminiscent of the social aid and pleasure clubs of new orleans is an international collective of entrepreneurs activists educators scientists and artists who host soirees dinner parties and demonstrations in june 2016 he released the single chief dont run on february 17 2017 jidenna released the chief his first studio album the album cover pays homage to boz scaggs middle man album the lead singles sufi woman and tribe were released on july 26 2019 and will appear on his second studio album 85 to africa in 2019 jidenna released his second album 85 to africastyle jidenna', 'jidenna theodore mobisson born may 4 1985 known mononymously as jidenna is an american rapper and singer in 2015 jidenna released two singles classic man featuring roman gianarthur and kendrick lamar and yoga with janelle monáe promoting monáes label wondaland records compilation ep  2015 with epic records his debut album the chief was released on february 17 2017 and peaked at number 38 on the billboard 200early life and education jidenna theodore mobisson was born on may 4 1985 in wisconsin rapids wisconsin to tama mobisson an accountant and oliver mobisson a nigerian igbo academic mobisson grew up partially in nigeria where his father was working as a professor of computer science at enugu state university when mobisson was six years old the family moved back to the united states due to a failed kidnapping attempt in 1995 the family moved to norwood massachusetts and then to milton in 2000 his father died in 2010 in high school he became a cofounder of the rap group black', ' the academy award winning 2016 film moonlightdiscography   2015  the chief 2017  boomerang – ep 2017  85 to africa 2019sademy award winning 2016 film moonlightdiscography   2015  the chief 2017  boomerang – ep 2017  85 to africa 2019']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She appeared in films., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she appeared in films, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Marianne McAndrew is an actress., Passages: [{'title': 'Marianne McAndrew', 'text': '<s>Marianne Christine McAndrew is an actress known for her role as Irene Molloy in the film "Hello, Dolly!"</s><s>Career. "Hello, Dolly!" was McAndrew\'s first credited film role. The role of Irene Molloy was given considerably more attention in the film than in earlier Broadway productions. "Hello, Dolly!" earned McAndrew two Golden Globe nominations in 1969; Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture and the since discontinued Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress, as well as generally good reviews. She landed a starring (second billed) role in her next film ("The Seven Minutes"). By 1971, she had made appearances in popular TV shows including "Hawaii 5-0", "Mannix", "Cannon" and "Love, American Style" One notable later film role was her co-starring role in "The Bat People", with her husband Stewart Moss. The film was widely panned, but is still somewhat known today as a "bad film". "The Bat People" was also her last film released in theaters; she has only worked in television since its release. Her only other later role of particular note is her role of'}, {'title': 'Marianne McAndrew', 'text': ' Doris Williams in "Growing Up Brady", a TV film about the popular show. McAndrew, along with everything else related to the film "Hello, Dolly!" experienced something of a resurgence in popularity with the release of "WALL-E", which featured clips from the film, including a duet with McAndrew\'s character (but McAndrew did not do her own singing in the film, which some news outlets claimed in articles about "WALL-E").</s><s>Personal life. McAndrew married actor Stewart Moss in 1968, remaining married until his death in 2017. They starred together in "The Bat People". McAndrew has two brothers.</s><s>Awards and honors. "Hello, Dolly!" earned McAndrew two Golden Globe nominations in 1969; Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture and the since discontinued Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress.</s><s>References.</sn "Growing Up Brady", a TV film about the popular show. McAndrew, along with everything else related to the film "Hello, Dolly!" experienced something of a resurgence in popularity with the release of "WALL-E", which featured clips from the film, including a duet with McAndrew\'s character (but McAndrew did not do her own singing in the film, which some news outlets claimed in articles about "WALL-E").</s><s>Personal life. McAndrew married actor Stewart Moss in 1968, remaining married until his death in 2017. They starred together in "The Bat People". McAndrew has two brothers.</s><s>Awards and honors. "Hello, Dolly!" earned McAndrew two Golden Globe nominations in 1969; Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture and the since discontinued Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress.</s><s>References.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: marianne mcandrew is an actress, clean Passages: ['marianne christine mcandrew is an actress known for her role as irene molloy in the film hello dollycareer hello dolly was mcandrews first credited film role the role of irene molloy was given considerably more attention in the film than in earlier broadway productions hello dolly earned mcandrew two golden globe nominations in 1969 golden globe award for best supporting actress – motion picture and the since discontinued golden globe award for new star of the year – actress as well as generally good reviews she landed a starring second billed role in her next film the seven minutes by 1971 she had made appearances in popular tv shows including hawaii 50 mannix cannon and love american style one notable later film role was her costarring role in the bat people with her husband stewart moss the film was widely panned but is still somewhat known today as a bad film the bat people was also her last film released in theaters she has only worked in television since its release her only other later role of particular note is her role of', ' doris williams in growing up brady a tv film about the popular show mcandrew along with everything else related to the film hello dolly experienced something of a resurgence in popularity with the release of walle which featured clips from the film including a duet with mcandrews character but mcandrew did not do her own singing in the film which some news outlets claimed in articles about wallepersonal life mcandrew married actor stewart moss in 1968 remaining married until his death in 2017 they starred together in the bat people mcandrew has two brothersawards and honors hello dolly earned mcandrew two golden globe nominations in 1969 golden globe award for best supporting actress – motion picture and the since discontinued golden globe award for new star of the year – actressreferencessn growing up brady a tv film about the popular show mcandrew along with everything else related to the film hello dolly experienced something of a resurgence in popularity with the release of walle which featured clips from the film including a duet with mcandrews character but mcandrew did not do her own singing in the film which some news outlets claimed in articles about wallepersonal life mcandrew married actor stewart moss in 1968 remaining married until his death in 2017 they starred together in the bat people mcandrew has two brothersawards and honors hello dolly earned mcandrew two golden globe nominations in 1969 golden globe award for best supporting actress – motion picture and the since discontinued golden globe award for new star of the year – actressreferences']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Rennie Fritchie is Baroness Fritchie., Passages: [{'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': '<s>Irene Tordoff Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie, DBE (née Fennell; born 29 April 1942 in Fife, Scotland), known as Rennie Fritchie, is a British crossbench peer.</s><s>Life/career. Irene Tordoff Fennell, daughter of Mr and Mrs Charles Frederick Fennell, was educated at Ribston Hall Grammar School for Girls in Gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development. Now described as a "portfolio" worker, she has held various positions including Commissioner for Public Appointments from 1999 to 2005, and President of the Pennell Initiative for Women\'s Health in Later Life. In the 1970s, she was one of the first full-time women\'s training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new Equal Opportunities Commission. Using a German Marshall Fellowship awarded in 1985, she drew lessons from the United States of America for the United Kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women. She has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio. She became Chairman of Nominet in 2010.</s><s>Affili'}, {'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': 'ations. She holds a number of positions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</stions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: rennie fritchie is baroness fritchie, clean Passages: ['irene tordoff fritchie baroness fritchie dbe née fennell born 29 april 1942 in fife scotland known as rennie fritchie is a british crossbench peerlifecareer irene tordoff fennell daughter of mr and mrs charles frederick fennell was educated at ribston hall grammar school for girls in gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development now described as a portfolio worker she has held various positions including commissioner for public appointments from 1999 to 2005 and president of the pennell initiative for womens health in later life in the 1970s she was one of the first fulltime womens training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new equal opportunities commission using a german marshall fellowship awarded in 1985 she drew lessons from the united states of america for the united kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women she has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio she became chairman of nominet in 2010affili', 'ations she holds a number of positions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lordsstions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lords']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jean Daullé was born in 1703., Passages: [{'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': '<s>Jean Daullé (18 May 1703 – 23 April 1763) was a French engraver.</s><s>Biography. He was the son of Jean Daullé, a silversmith, and his wife, Anne née Dennel. At the age of fourteen, he received training from an engraver named Robart, at the priory of Saint-Pierre d\'Abbeville. He then went to Paris, and worked at the studios of Robert Hecquet (1693-1775), who was also originally from Picardy. In 1735, his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant, Pierre-Jean Mariette, who provided him with professional recommendations. Soon after, he was approached by the painter, Hyacinthe Rigaud, who wanted to make him his official engraver. In 1742, Daullé was received at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, with his presentation, "Hyacinthe Rigaud Painting his Wife", after a work by Rigaud. He was also admitted as a member of the academy in Augsbourg. Eventually named "Engraver to the King",'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo.'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': " after Van Dyck. A detailed account of this artist's works is contained in Delignière's 'Catalogue raisonné de l'oeuvre gravé de d' Abbeville,' 1872, 8vo.</s><s>References. - - Attribution:</s>"}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' - "Claude Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid"Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid";'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jean daullé was born in 1703, clean Passages: ['jean daullé 18 may 1703 – 23 april 1763 was a french engraverbiography he was the son of jean daullé a silversmith and his wife anne née dennel at the age of fourteen he received training from an engraver named robart at the priory of saintpierre dabbeville he then went to paris and worked at the studios of robert hecquet 16931775 who was also originally from picardy in 1735 his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant pierrejean mariette who provided him with professional recommendations soon after he was approached by the painter hyacinthe rigaud who wanted to make him his official engraver in 1742 daullé was received at the académie royale de peinture et de sculpture with his presentation hyacinthe rigaud painting his wife after a work by rigaud he was also admitted as a member of the academy in augsbourg eventually named engraver to the king', ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo', ' after van dyck a detailed account of this artists works is contained in delignières catalogue raisonné de loeuvre gravé de d abbeville 1872 8voreferences   attribution', '  claude deshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupiddeshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupid']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Gerhard Fischer is an entrepreneur., Passages: [{'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': ' the hand-held metal detector is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</stor is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</s>'}, {'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': '<s>Gerhard Julius Richard Fischer later Gerhard Julius Richard Fisher, Gerhard R. Fisher (March 18, 1899 – May 2, 1988) was a U.S. entrepreneur of German descent. He contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detector.</s><s>Biography. Fisher was born in 1899 in Landeshut, Silesia, to Richard Hugo Georg Arthur Fischer, an engineer, and his wife Margaretha Julia Fischer née Job. His mother was from Łódź, where the parents also married. Around 1906, the Fischer family moved to Dresden. After studying electrical engineering at the Dresden University, Fischer emigrated to the U.S. In 1931, he founded Fisher Research Laboratory, Inc. in Palo Alto, where he served as president until his retirement in 1967. While working with aircraft radio detection finders environment-dependent changes became apparent. From the interference by metal, he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal. Fisher shared the idea with Albert Einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use. In 1937, he patented his metal detector. He died 1988 in Palo Alto.</s><s>Biography.:Inventions. Although the actual inventor of'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: gerhard fischer is an entrepreneur, clean Passages: [' the handheld metal detector is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   stor is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   ', 'gerhard julius richard fischer later gerhard julius richard fisher gerhard r fisher march 18 1899 – may 2 1988 was a us entrepreneur of german descent he contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detectorbiography fisher was born in 1899 in landeshut silesia to richard hugo georg arthur fischer an engineer and his wife margaretha julia fischer née job his mother was from łódź where the parents also married around 1906 the fischer family moved to dresden after studying electrical engineering at the dresden university fischer emigrated to the us in 1931 he founded fisher research laboratory inc in palo alto where he served as president until his retirement in 1967 while working with aircraft radio detection finders environmentdependent changes became apparent from the interference by metal he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal fisher shared the idea with albert einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use in 1937 he patented his metal detector he died 1988 in palo altobiographyinventions although the actual inventor of']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Kerser is an Australian., Passages: [{'title': 'Kerser', 'text': 'is raw, aggressive and territorial," while the album is "A fervent mix of rave, rap, electro and r\'n\'b." He gained fame from the track "Kerser is the sickest" that was also on the first album. His second album "No Rest for the Sickest" was released on 2 November 2012. It reached No. 15 on the ARIA Albums Chart, and No. 1 on the ARIA Urban Albums Chart. He toured nationally to support the album. He was signed to management with Obese Records in 2013, and in late 2015 moved to an independent manager. In March 2013 he released the single "We Here Now" with Rates, which led to a national tour. Among his performances are the Breath of Life Festival in Tasmania alongside 360, Illy, Seth Sentry. In August 2013 Kerser released "The No Rest for the Sickest National Tour" on DVD. It debuted at No. 1 on the ARIA Music DVD Chart. His third album "S.C.O.T." was released on 25 October 2013. The album features Nebs, Jay (Uf), and Jace Excel. It debuted at No. 1 on the ARIA Urban Albums Chart and No'}, {'title': 'Kerser', 'text': '<s>Scott Froml (born 21 August 1987), better known by his stage name Kerser, is an Australian rapper. He has released two mixtapes and several albums since 2009 and his second album "No Rest for the Sickest" reached No. 15 on the ARIA albums chart, while the album\'s tour DVD debuted at No. 1 on the ARIA Music DVD chart in 2013. His album "S.C.O.T." reached No. 5 while his fourth album "King" was released on 13 November 2014 and reached number 9.</s><s>Biography. Scott Froml was born on 21 August 1987, in the vicinity of Campbelltown, New South Wales. He started his rap career at an early age while living in Campbelltown, rapping with his older brother Aaron (aka Rates) at age 11 and recording by 18. One of his major influences is Tupac. Kerser released his first mixtape "Straight Out Tha Gutter" in 2009 with his second mixtape "Down the Drain" being released in 2010. His first album "The Nebulizer" was released on 14 October 2011. The album was produced by Nebs, hence the name. According to an article in "INpress", "'}, {'title': 'Kerser', 'text': '. 1 on the iTunes Chart, knocking off Linkin Park, David Dallas and Katy Perry in the charts. He toured Australia in February and March 2013 to support the album. s fourth album "King", produced by Nebs, was released on 14 November 2014. His fifth album titled "Next Step" was released on 13 November 2015 and produced by Sinima Beats. It was Kerser\'s first album to be released under his label ABK Records and was distributed by Warner Music Australia.</s><s>Battle rap career. Kerser is a well-known battle rapper in Australia, appearing on circuits such as Got Beef, Grind Time Now Australia and Real Talk Battle League. Between 2010 and 2012, he only lost two battles (to Zone Doubt and Jay Legend respectively), excluding a well-publicised battle against 360 in December 2011, where no official winner was announced, however the decision to make the battle unjudged had come in at the last minute. His long-running rivalry with 360 heated up again in August 2013 when 360 released a diss track called "30 Minutes Tops", Kerser returns with a diss track called "Old Matt". The rivalry and battle is widely known as the most viewed battle rap in the history of Australian hip hop, making it the'}, {'title': 'Kerser', 'text': " benchmark for all major battles that have proceeded it. At the time of the battle, it elevated both rapper's careers greatly really showcasing the difference in culture between Sydney and Melbourne hip hop street culture. In the years that have followed both and 360 have shown mutual professional respect for each other.</s><s>See also. - Australian hip hop - Obese Records</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: kerser is an australian, clean Passages: ['is raw aggressive and territorial while the album is a fervent mix of rave rap electro and rnb he gained fame from the track kerser is the sickest that was also on the first album his second album no rest for the sickest was released on 2 november 2012 it reached no 15 on the aria albums chart and no 1 on the aria urban albums chart he toured nationally to support the album he was signed to management with obese records in 2013 and in late 2015 moved to an independent manager in march 2013 he released the single we here now with rates which led to a national tour among his performances are the breath of life festival in tasmania alongside 360 illy seth sentry in august 2013 kerser released the no rest for the sickest national tour on dvd it debuted at no 1 on the aria music dvd chart his third album scot was released on 25 october 2013 the album features nebs jay uf and jace excel it debuted at no 1 on the aria urban albums chart and no', 'scott froml born 21 august 1987 better known by his stage name kerser is an australian rapper he has released two mixtapes and several albums since 2009 and his second album no rest for the sickest reached no 15 on the aria albums chart while the albums tour dvd debuted at no 1 on the aria music dvd chart in 2013 his album scot reached no 5 while his fourth album king was released on 13 november 2014 and reached number 9biography scott froml was born on 21 august 1987 in the vicinity of campbelltown new south wales he started his rap career at an early age while living in campbelltown rapping with his older brother aaron aka rates at age 11 and recording by 18 one of his major influences is tupac kerser released his first mixtape straight out tha gutter in 2009 with his second mixtape down the drain being released in 2010 his first album the nebulizer was released on 14 october 2011 the album was produced by nebs hence the name according to an article in inpress ', ' 1 on the itunes chart knocking off linkin park david dallas and katy perry in the charts he toured australia in february and march 2013 to support the album s fourth album king produced by nebs was released on 14 november 2014 his fifth album titled next step was released on 13 november 2015 and produced by sinima beats it was kersers first album to be released under his label abk records and was distributed by warner music australiabattle rap career kerser is a wellknown battle rapper in australia appearing on circuits such as got beef grind time now australia and real talk battle league between 2010 and 2012 he only lost two battles to zone doubt and jay legend respectively excluding a wellpublicised battle against 360 in december 2011 where no official winner was announced however the decision to make the battle unjudged had come in at the last minute his longrunning rivalry with 360 heated up again in august 2013 when 360 released a diss track called 30 minutes tops kerser returns with a diss track called old matt the rivalry and battle is widely known as the most viewed battle rap in the history of australian hip hop making it the', ' benchmark for all major battles that have proceeded it at the time of the battle it elevated both rappers careers greatly really showcasing the difference in culture between sydney and melbourne hip hop street culture in the years that have followed both and 360 have shown mutual professional respect for each othersee also  australian hip hop  obese records']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Red Widow is a novel by Katsu., Passages: [{'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '<s>Alma Katsu (born 1959) is an American writer of adult fiction. Her books have been translated into over a dozen languages, and has been published in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Spain and Italy. Katsu has also had a 29-year career in the US federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy, with an emphasis on technology issues. She previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the RAND Corporation.</s><s>Biography. Katsu was born in Fairbanks, Alaska, the daughter of an American-born father and a Japanese-born mother. She spent the majority of her youth living near Concord, Massachusetts, to which she attributes her interest in the early American history featured in her novels. She attended Brandeis University (BA in literature and writing, 1981) where she studied with novelist John Irving and children\'s book author Margaret Rey, and the Johns Hopkins University (MA in Fiction, 2004). She is also an alumna of the Squaw Valley writers workshops.</s><s>Career. Katsu\'s writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings. She published her first novel, "The Taker," in 2011 through Gallery Books. It received praise from outlets such'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': ' as "Booklist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Deviist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Devil'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '\'s Scribe", Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s, Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: red widow is a novel by katsu, clean Passages: ['alma katsu born 1959 is an american writer of adult fiction her books have been translated into over a dozen languages and has been published in the united kingdom brazil spain and italy katsu has also had a 29year career in the us federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy with an emphasis on technology issues she previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the rand corporationbiography katsu was born in fairbanks alaska the daughter of an americanborn father and a japaneseborn mother she spent the majority of her youth living near concord massachusetts to which she attributes her interest in the early american history featured in her novels she attended brandeis university ba in literature and writing 1981 where she studied with novelist john irving and childrens book author margaret rey and the johns hopkins university ma in fiction 2004 she is also an alumna of the squaw valley writers workshopscareer katsus writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings she published her first novel the taker in 2011 through gallery books it received praise from outlets such', ' as booklist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the deviist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the devil', 's scribe gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novels gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novel']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Mike Trivisonno is a radio personality., Passages: [{'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': " Cleveland's eastern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</sstern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</s>"}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': '<s>Mike Trivisonno (September 20, 1947 – October 28, 2021) was an American radio broadcaster, known for hosting his own self-titled afternoon talk show on Cleveland radio station WTAM AM 1100. He was widely referred to simply as "Triv" by callers and the Cleveland media.</s><s>Career. He was a frequent caller on the "Sportsline" radio show on WTAM AM 1100 (during this period the station was operating under the WWWE call letters). The show was hosted by the acerbic Pete Franklin and dealt with Cleveland sports. Franklin, who would typically cut off most callers, began giving "Mike from Mayfield" some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary, particularly regarding the Cleveland Browns. Franklin began mockingly referring to Trivisonno as "Mr. Know It All," a moniker he would carry into his own radio career. Trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987, working for a time at WNCX, commenting on sports (particularly boxing) and becoming a full-time personality from 1989–1992. He began hosting "Sportsline" on WWWE in 1994. At first, the show aired from 6-11 p.m. The show did well'}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': ' in the ratings, even though it was usually up against Cleveland Indians games on WKNR. It did so well, the decision was made to put Trivisonno in afternoon drive-time (under the "Sportsline" banner until 1998; under his own name since) ultimately leaving "Sportsline" to other hosts. Throughout the program\'s history, "The Show" was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market. His show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports, but over time became a forum for discussing sports, politics, local issues, current events, or whatever else was on Trivisonno\'s mind at the time. He discussed topics (and frequently argued) with listeners who called in to the show and/or with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him. Trivisonno\'s popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among "Talkers Magazine\'s" "Heavy Hundred", including most recently in 2015, when he came in at #72. He was also a nominee for the Large Market Personality of the Year Marconi Award in 2010.</s><s>Personal life. Trivisonno was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, and attended Mayfield High School in'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: mike trivisonno is a radio personality, clean Passages: [' clevelands eastern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknownsstern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknown', 'mike trivisonno september 20 1947 – october 28 2021 was an american radio broadcaster known for hosting his own selftitled afternoon talk show on cleveland radio station wtam am 1100 he was widely referred to simply as triv by callers and the cleveland mediacareer he was a frequent caller on the sportsline radio show on wtam am 1100 during this period the station was operating under the wwwe call letters the show was hosted by the acerbic pete franklin and dealt with cleveland sports franklin who would typically cut off most callers began giving mike from mayfield some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary particularly regarding the cleveland browns franklin began mockingly referring to trivisonno as mr know it all a moniker he would carry into his own radio career trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987 working for a time at wncx commenting on sports particularly boxing and becoming a fulltime personality from 1989–1992 he began hosting sportsline on wwwe in 1994 at first the show aired from 611 pm the show did well', ' in the ratings even though it was usually up against cleveland indians games on wknr it did so well the decision was made to put trivisonno in afternoon drivetime under the sportsline banner until 1998 under his own name since ultimately leaving sportsline to other hosts throughout the programs history the show was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market his show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports but over time became a forum for discussing sports politics local issues current events or whatever else was on trivisonnos mind at the time he discussed topics and frequently argued with listeners who called in to the show andor with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him trivisonnos popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among talkers magazines heavy hundred including most recently in 2015 when he came in at 72 he was also a nominee for the large market personality of the year marconi award in 2010personal life trivisonno was born in east cleveland ohio and attended mayfield high school in']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Gerhard Fischer is best known for inventing a metal detector., Passages: [{'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': '<s>Gerhard Julius Richard Fischer later Gerhard Julius Richard Fisher, Gerhard R. Fisher (March 18, 1899 – May 2, 1988) was a U.S. entrepreneur of German descent. He contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detector.</s><s>Biography. Fisher was born in 1899 in Landeshut, Silesia, to Richard Hugo Georg Arthur Fischer, an engineer, and his wife Margaretha Julia Fischer née Job. His mother was from Łódź, where the parents also married. Around 1906, the Fischer family moved to Dresden. After studying electrical engineering at the Dresden University, Fischer emigrated to the U.S. In 1931, he founded Fisher Research Laboratory, Inc. in Palo Alto, where he served as president until his retirement in 1967. While working with aircraft radio detection finders environment-dependent changes became apparent. From the interference by metal, he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal. Fisher shared the idea with Albert Einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use. In 1937, he patented his metal detector. He died 1988 in Palo Alto.</s><s>Biography.:Inventions. Although the actual inventor of'}, {'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': ' the hand-held metal detector is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</stor is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: gerhard fischer is best known for inventing a metal detector, clean Passages: ['gerhard julius richard fischer later gerhard julius richard fisher gerhard r fisher march 18 1899 – may 2 1988 was a us entrepreneur of german descent he contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detectorbiography fisher was born in 1899 in landeshut silesia to richard hugo georg arthur fischer an engineer and his wife margaretha julia fischer née job his mother was from łódź where the parents also married around 1906 the fischer family moved to dresden after studying electrical engineering at the dresden university fischer emigrated to the us in 1931 he founded fisher research laboratory inc in palo alto where he served as president until his retirement in 1967 while working with aircraft radio detection finders environmentdependent changes became apparent from the interference by metal he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal fisher shared the idea with albert einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use in 1937 he patented his metal detector he died 1988 in palo altobiographyinventions although the actual inventor of', ' the handheld metal detector is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   stor is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   ']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: With CSKA, he won domestic titles., Passages: [{'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': '<s>Daniel da Silva Carvalho (born 1 March 1983), more commonly known as Daniel Carvalho, is a Brazilian former football attacking midfielder.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Club. Carvalho started his career in his native state of Rio Grande do Sul at Sport Club Internacional before transferring to CSKA Moscow. In 2005, he became the first foreign player to be named Russian Footballer of the Year by "Futbol" and "Sport-Express". Carvalho\'s brilliant play during the 2005 UEFA Cup was the key to success of his team, who won the competition, defeating Sporting Lisbon in the Final. This made CSKA the first Russian club to ever win a UEFA competition. He was Man of the Match in the final as he was involved in all three of CSKA\'s goals. He scored in the 3–1 UEFA Super Cup lost to then European Champions Liverpool, but despite this defeat, Carvalho had shown he could cope on the European stage. In November 2007, Carvalho signed a new contract with CSKA until summer 2010, according to CSKA president Yevgeni Giner (or until December 2009, according to CSKA Press Office), with the option of further prolong'}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': "ation and the minimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 Octobeinimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 October"}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': ' 2006.</s><s>Honours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</snours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: with cska he won domestic titles, clean Passages: ['daniel da silva carvalho born 1 march 1983 more commonly known as daniel carvalho is a brazilian former football attacking midfieldercareercareerclub carvalho started his career in his native state of rio grande do sul at sport club internacional before transferring to cska moscow in 2005 he became the first foreign player to be named russian footballer of the year by futbol and sportexpress carvalhos brilliant play during the 2005 uefa cup was the key to success of his team who won the competition defeating sporting lisbon in the final this made cska the first russian club to ever win a uefa competition he was man of the match in the final as he was involved in all three of cskas goals he scored in the 3–1 uefa super cup lost to then european champions liverpool but despite this defeat carvalho had shown he could cope on the european stage in november 2007 carvalho signed a new contract with cska until summer 2010 according to cska president yevgeni giner or until december 2009 according to cska press office with the option of further prolong', 'ation and the minimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 octobeinimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 october', ' 2006honourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the matchsnourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the match']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He was a pastor in South Africa., Passages: [{'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': '<s>Malcolm Hedding (born 1952) is a South African anti-apartheid activist, theologian, evangelical minister, and Executive Director of the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem (ICEJ).</s><s>Biography. Hedding was born in 1952 into a British descent family that had settled in the Eastern Cape region. His father, Guy Usher Hedding, managed a gold mine. Hedding entered the ministry in the early 1970s as a member of the Assemblies of God of Southern Africa. As a young ordained minister with the South African Assemblies of God, Hedding confronted the apartheid system from the pulpit and was forced to flee his homeland. Between 1986 and 1989, Malcolm a pastor of the Jerusalem Christian Assembly. During this period, he also functioned as the Chaplain for the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem. As a Christian Zionist, Malcolm served from 1991 - 2000 as Chairman of "Christian Action for Israel," a biblical Zionist organization in South Africa. Malcolm Hedding has been involved with the work of the International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) since 1981 and has been executive director since 2000. On 27 May 2011, it was announced that he would be stepping down as executive director as of'}, {'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': ' 31 July 2011.</s><s>Views on Israel. Malcolm is currently a Christian Zionist leader based in Jerusalem who is challenging the branding of Israel with the "apartheid" label. Hedding believes the Israeli barrier fence has "nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with Israel\'s self-defense". He said that Israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians while granting political rights to its own Arab citizens within a liberal democratic system, but that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel\'s destruction. By contrast, he says, it was a tiny minority in South Africa that held power and once democracy came, the Nationalist Party that had dominated the masses disappeared. According to Hedding, "Evangelical support for Israel is founded not on a prophecy, but on a promise, [...] It is the promise God made to Abraham that the Jewish people would receive the land of Canaan for the sake of world redemption. The Jewish people became servants of the lord, to bring an understanding of revelation of God and his redemptive purpose to the world. Evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of Canaan, support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what we\'ve received." Hedding believes Israel proven its desire to reac/s><s>Views on Israel. Malcolm is currently a Christian Zionist leader based in Jerusalem who is challenging the branding of Israel with the "apartheid" label. Hedding believes the Israeli barrier fence has "nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with Israel\'s self-defense". He said that Israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians while granting political rights to its own Arab citizens within a liberal democratic system, but that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel\'s destruction. By contrast, he says, it was a tiny minority in South Africa that held power and once democracy came, the Nationalist Party that had dominated the masses disappeared. According to Hedding, "Evangelical support for Israel is founded not on a prophecy, but on a promise, [...] It is the promise God made to Abraham that the Jewish people would receive the land of Canaan for the sake of world redemption. The Jewish people became servants of the lord, to bring an understanding of revelation of God and his redemptive purpose to the world. Evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of Canaan, support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what we\'ve received." Hedding believes Israel proven its desire to reach'}, {'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': " a settlement with the Palestinians, while granting political rights to its Arab citizens within a democratic system. Nevertheless, he says that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel's destruction.</s><s>Books. - The Basis of Christian Support for Israel, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem-USA, 2005, - The Great Covenants of the Bible, - Hear our cry, Struik Christian Books, 1993, - For Zion's sake, Contact Publications, 1986, - Understanding Revelation, Intend Publishing, 2013,</s><s>References.</sith the Palestinians, while granting political rights to its Arab citizens within a democratic system. Nevertheless, he says that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel's destruction.</s><s>Books. - The Basis of Christian Support for Israel, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem-USA, 2005, - The Great Covenants of the Bible, - Hear our cry, Struik Christian Books, 1993, - For Zion's sake, Contact Publications, 1986, - Understanding Revelation, Intend Publishing, 2013,</s><s>References.</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he was a pastor in south africa, clean Passages: ['malcolm hedding born 1952 is a south african antiapartheid activist theologian evangelical minister and executive director of the international christian embassy in jerusalem icejbiography hedding was born in 1952 into a british descent family that had settled in the eastern cape region his father guy usher hedding managed a gold mine hedding entered the ministry in the early 1970s as a member of the assemblies of god of southern africa as a young ordained minister with the south african assemblies of god hedding confronted the apartheid system from the pulpit and was forced to flee his homeland between 1986 and 1989 malcolm a pastor of the jerusalem christian assembly during this period he also functioned as the chaplain for the international christian embassy in jerusalem as a christian zionist malcolm served from 1991  2000 as chairman of christian action for israel a biblical zionist organization in south africa malcolm hedding has been involved with the work of the international christian embassy jerusalem icej since 1981 and has been executive director since 2000 on 27 may 2011 it was announced that he would be stepping down as executive director as of', ' 31 july 2011views on israel malcolm is currently a christian zionist leader based in jerusalem who is challenging the branding of israel with the apartheid label hedding believes the israeli barrier fence has nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with israels selfdefense he said that israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the palestinians while granting political rights to its own arab citizens within a liberal democratic system but that the palestinians remain committed to israels destruction by contrast he says it was a tiny minority in south africa that held power and once democracy came the nationalist party that had dominated the masses disappeared according to hedding evangelical support for israel is founded not on a prophecy but on a promise  it is the promise god made to abraham that the jewish people would receive the land of canaan for the sake of world redemption the jewish people became servants of the lord to bring an understanding of revelation of god and his redemptive purpose to the world evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of canaan support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what weve received hedding believes israel proven its desire to reacsviews on israel malcolm is currently a christian zionist leader based in jerusalem who is challenging the branding of israel with the apartheid label hedding believes the israeli barrier fence has nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with israels selfdefense he said that israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the palestinians while granting political rights to its own arab citizens within a liberal democratic system but that the palestinians remain committed to israels destruction by contrast he says it was a tiny minority in south africa that held power and once democracy came the nationalist party that had dominated the masses disappeared according to hedding evangelical support for israel is founded not on a prophecy but on a promise  it is the promise god made to abraham that the jewish people would receive the land of canaan for the sake of world redemption the jewish people became servants of the lord to bring an understanding of revelation of god and his redemptive purpose to the world evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of canaan support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what weve received hedding believes israel proven its desire to reach', ' a settlement with the palestinians while granting political rights to its arab citizens within a democratic system nevertheless he says that the palestinians remain committed to israels destructionbooks  the basis of christian support for israel international christian embassy jerusalemusa 2005  the great covenants of the bible  hear our cry struik christian books 1993  for zions sake contact publications 1986  understanding revelation intend publishing 2013referencessith the palestinians while granting political rights to its arab citizens within a democratic system nevertheless he says that the palestinians remain committed to israels destructionbooks  the basis of christian support for israel international christian embassy jerusalemusa 2005  the great covenants of the bible  hear our cry struik christian books 1993  for zions sake contact publications 1986  understanding revelation intend publishing 2013references']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Mike Trivisonno is from Cleveland., Passages: [{'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': '<s>Mike Trivisonno (September 20, 1947 – October 28, 2021) was an American radio broadcaster, known for hosting his own self-titled afternoon talk show on Cleveland radio station WTAM AM 1100. He was widely referred to simply as "Triv" by callers and the Cleveland media.</s><s>Career. He was a frequent caller on the "Sportsline" radio show on WTAM AM 1100 (during this period the station was operating under the WWWE call letters). The show was hosted by the acerbic Pete Franklin and dealt with Cleveland sports. Franklin, who would typically cut off most callers, began giving "Mike from Mayfield" some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary, particularly regarding the Cleveland Browns. Franklin began mockingly referring to Trivisonno as "Mr. Know It All," a moniker he would carry into his own radio career. Trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987, working for a time at WNCX, commenting on sports (particularly boxing) and becoming a full-time personality from 1989–1992. He began hosting "Sportsline" on WWWE in 1994. At first, the show aired from 6-11 p.m. The show did well'}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': " Cleveland's eastern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</sstern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</s>"}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': ' in the ratings, even though it was usually up against Cleveland Indians games on WKNR. It did so well, the decision was made to put Trivisonno in afternoon drive-time (under the "Sportsline" banner until 1998; under his own name since) ultimately leaving "Sportsline" to other hosts. Throughout the program\'s history, "The Show" was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market. His show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports, but over time became a forum for discussing sports, politics, local issues, current events, or whatever else was on Trivisonno\'s mind at the time. He discussed topics (and frequently argued) with listeners who called in to the show and/or with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him. Trivisonno\'s popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among "Talkers Magazine\'s" "Heavy Hundred", including most recently in 2015, when he came in at #72. He was also a nominee for the Large Market Personality of the Year Marconi Award in 2010.</s><s>Personal life. Trivisonno was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, and attended Mayfield High School in'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: mike trivisonno is from cleveland, clean Passages: ['mike trivisonno september 20 1947 – october 28 2021 was an american radio broadcaster known for hosting his own selftitled afternoon talk show on cleveland radio station wtam am 1100 he was widely referred to simply as triv by callers and the cleveland mediacareer he was a frequent caller on the sportsline radio show on wtam am 1100 during this period the station was operating under the wwwe call letters the show was hosted by the acerbic pete franklin and dealt with cleveland sports franklin who would typically cut off most callers began giving mike from mayfield some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary particularly regarding the cleveland browns franklin began mockingly referring to trivisonno as mr know it all a moniker he would carry into his own radio career trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987 working for a time at wncx commenting on sports particularly boxing and becoming a fulltime personality from 1989–1992 he began hosting sportsline on wwwe in 1994 at first the show aired from 611 pm the show did well', ' clevelands eastern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknownsstern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknown', ' in the ratings even though it was usually up against cleveland indians games on wknr it did so well the decision was made to put trivisonno in afternoon drivetime under the sportsline banner until 1998 under his own name since ultimately leaving sportsline to other hosts throughout the programs history the show was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market his show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports but over time became a forum for discussing sports politics local issues current events or whatever else was on trivisonnos mind at the time he discussed topics and frequently argued with listeners who called in to the show andor with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him trivisonnos popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among talkers magazines heavy hundred including most recently in 2015 when he came in at 72 he was also a nominee for the large market personality of the year marconi award in 2010personal life trivisonno was born in east cleveland ohio and attended mayfield high school in']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jean Daullé was French., Passages: [{'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': '<s>Jean Daullé (18 May 1703 – 23 April 1763) was a French engraver.</s><s>Biography. He was the son of Jean Daullé, a silversmith, and his wife, Anne née Dennel. At the age of fourteen, he received training from an engraver named Robart, at the priory of Saint-Pierre d\'Abbeville. He then went to Paris, and worked at the studios of Robert Hecquet (1693-1775), who was also originally from Picardy. In 1735, his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant, Pierre-Jean Mariette, who provided him with professional recommendations. Soon after, he was approached by the painter, Hyacinthe Rigaud, who wanted to make him his official engraver. In 1742, Daullé was received at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, with his presentation, "Hyacinthe Rigaud Painting his Wife", after a work by Rigaud. He was also admitted as a member of the academy in Augsbourg. Eventually named "Engraver to the King",'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo.'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' - "Claude Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid"Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid";'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': " after Van Dyck. A detailed account of this artist's works is contained in Delignière's 'Catalogue raisonné de l'oeuvre gravé de d' Abbeville,' 1872, 8vo.</s><s>References. - - Attribution:</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jean daullé was french, clean Passages: ['jean daullé 18 may 1703 – 23 april 1763 was a french engraverbiography he was the son of jean daullé a silversmith and his wife anne née dennel at the age of fourteen he received training from an engraver named robart at the priory of saintpierre dabbeville he then went to paris and worked at the studios of robert hecquet 16931775 who was also originally from picardy in 1735 his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant pierrejean mariette who provided him with professional recommendations soon after he was approached by the painter hyacinthe rigaud who wanted to make him his official engraver in 1742 daullé was received at the académie royale de peinture et de sculpture with his presentation hyacinthe rigaud painting his wife after a work by rigaud he was also admitted as a member of the academy in augsbourg eventually named engraver to the king', ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo', '  claude deshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupiddeshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupid', ' after van dyck a detailed account of this artists works is contained in delignières catalogue raisonné de loeuvre gravé de d abbeville 1872 8voreferences   attribution']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has worked at Continuum Analytics., Passages: [{'title': 'Travis Oliphant', 'text': '<s>Travis Oliphant is an American data scientist and businessman. He is a co-founder of NumFOCUS, 501(c)(3) nonprofit charity in the United States, and sits on its advisory board. He is also a founder of technology startup Anaconda ("previously Continuum Analytics"). In addition, Travis is the primary creator of NumPy and founding contributor to the SciPy packages in the Python programming language.</s><s>Early life and education. Oliphant has a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering from the Mayo Clinic and B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mathematics and Electrical Engineering from Brigham Young University.</s><s>Career. Oliphant was an Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Brigham Young University from 2001 to 2007. In addition, he directed the BYU Biomedical Imaging Lab, and performed research on scanning impedance imaging. Oliphant served as President of Enthought from 2007 until 2011. He founded Continuum Analytics in January 2012 (subsequently renamed to Anaconda Inc.). Continuum makes the Python distribution Anaconda. In July 2015 Continuum Analytics received 24 million dollars in Series A Funding. Continuum Analytics received a $100,000 award from DARPA for the'}, {'title': 'Travis Oliphant', 'text': ' feasibility of designing a high-level data-parallel language extension to Python on graphics processing units (GPUs). On January 1, 2018, Oliphant announced he was leaving Anaconda Inc. He subsequently co-founded Quansight later that same year. He is also a member of the advisory council of the non-profit scientific computing foundation NumFOCUS.</s><s>Books written. Oliphant is the author of the textbook "Guide To NumPy" and associated manuals.</s><s>Books written.:Articles. - - -</s designing a high-level data-parallel language extension to Python on graphics processing units (GPUs). On January 1, 2018, Oliphant announced he was leaving Anaconda Inc. He subsequently co-founded Quansight later that same year. He is also a member of the advisory council of the non-profit scientific computing foundation NumFOCUS.</s><s>Books written. Oliphant is the author of the textbook "Guide To NumPy" and associated manuals.</s><s>Books written.:Articles. - - -</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has worked at continuum analytics, clean Passages: ['travis oliphant is an american data scientist and businessman he is a cofounder of numfocus 501c3 nonprofit charity in the united states and sits on its advisory board he is also a founder of technology startup anaconda previously continuum analytics in addition travis is the primary creator of numpy and founding contributor to the scipy packages in the python programming languageearly life and education oliphant has a phd in biomedical engineering from the mayo clinic and bs and ms degrees in mathematics and electrical engineering from brigham young universitycareer oliphant was an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at brigham young university from 2001 to 2007 in addition he directed the byu biomedical imaging lab and performed research on scanning impedance imaging oliphant served as president of enthought from 2007 until 2011 he founded continuum analytics in january 2012 subsequently renamed to anaconda inc continuum makes the python distribution anaconda in july 2015 continuum analytics received 24 million dollars in series a funding continuum analytics received a 100000 award from darpa for the', ' feasibility of designing a highlevel dataparallel language extension to python on graphics processing units gpus on january 1 2018 oliphant announced he was leaving anaconda inc he subsequently cofounded quansight later that same year he is also a member of the advisory council of the nonprofit scientific computing foundation numfocusbooks written oliphant is the author of the textbook guide to numpy and associated manualsbooks writtenarticles   s designing a highlevel dataparallel language extension to python on graphics processing units gpus on january 1 2018 oliphant announced he was leaving anaconda inc he subsequently cofounded quansight later that same year he is also a member of the advisory council of the nonprofit scientific computing foundation numfocusbooks written oliphant is the author of the textbook guide to numpy and associated manualsbooks writtenarticles   ']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: San Juan is in Puerto Rico., Passages: [{'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': '<s>Roselyn Milagros Sánchez Rodríguez (born April 2, 1973) is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, dancer, model, actress, producer, and writer. On television, she is best known for her roles as Elena Delgado on the CBS police procedural "Without a Trace" (2005–09), as Carmen Luna on the Lifetime comedy-drama "Devious Maids" (2013–16), and as Elena Roarke on the new Fantasy Island (2021–present). In film, Sánchez has appeared in "Rush Hour 2" (2001), "Boat Trip" (2002), "The Game Plan" (2007), and "Act of Valor" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Sánchez was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and is the youngest of four siblings, having three older brothers. She received her primary education in San Juan. At a young age, she showed an interest in both dancing and acting and would put on shows for her family. Sánchez enrolled in the University of Puerto Rico, where like her father and brothers she was to study marketing. However, after three years she left the course.'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' starred in "The Perfect Sleep", a neo-noir drama, co-starring Patrick Bauchau, Tony Amendola, Isaac Singleton, and Peter Lucas. In 2011, Sánchez made a guest appearance on TNT\'s "Rizzoli & Isles", playing villainous attorney Valerie Delgado. In 2012, Sánchez was cast opposite Ana Ortiz of ABC comedy-drama pilot "Devious Maids", created by Marc Cherry. On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule. However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order. The series premiered June 23, 2013 on Lifetime.</s><s>Personal life. From August 9, 1998, to April 15, 2001, Sanchez was married to English actor, former boxer, and former model Gary Stretch. After her divorce, she started a relationship with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. In December 2005, she announced that she had ended their relationship. Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. They have two children together: a daughter, Sebele Perfect Sleep", a neo-noir drama, co-starring Patrick Bauchau, Tony Amendola, Isaac Singleton, and Peter Lucas. In 2011, Sánchez made a guest appearance on TNT\'s "Rizzoli & Isles", playing villainous attorney Valerie Delgado. In 2012, Sánchez was cast opposite Ana Ortiz of ABC comedy-drama pilot "Devious Maids", created by Marc Cherry. On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule. However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order. The series premiered June 23, 2013 on Lifetime.</s><s>Personal life. From August 9, 1998, to April 15, 2001, Sanchez was married to English actor, former boxer, and former model Gary Stretch. After her divorce, she started a relationship with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. In December 2005, she announced that she had ended their relationship. Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. They have two children together: a daughter, Sebell'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': 'a (born January 2012), and a son, Dylan (born November 2017). Sánchez is the spokesperson of the Fundación de Niños San Jorge, which assists sick children from poor families.</s><s>Discography. - 2003: "Borinqueña"</s><s>See also. - List of Puerto Ricans</s 2012), and a son, Dylan (born November 2017). Sánchez is the spokesperson of the Fundación de Niños San Jorge, which assists sick children from poor families.</s><s>Discography. - 2003: "Borinqueña"</s><s>See also. - List of Puerto Ricans</s>'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' In 1991, at the age of eighteen, Sánchez moved to New York City, where she took classes in dancing, acting and singing. She returned to Puerto Rico and, in 1992, she made her movie debut, having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie "Captain Ron", which was partly filmed in Puerto Rico.</s><s>Career. In Puerto Rico, Sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as co-host of a variety show called "Qué Vacilón". At that time, in 1993, Sánchez won the Miss Puerto Rico Petite contest and, in 1994, she won the international title of Miss American Petite, bringing her international fame. Sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including "Maxim Magazine"s "Hot 100" in 2001, 2002 and 2006; AskMen.com\'s "Top 99 Most Desirable Women" in 2005 and 2006; and "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" in 2005 and 2006. In 2001, Sánchez was cast as Isabella Molina, an undercover United States Secret Service agent who was Jackie Chan\'s love interest in the hit movie "Rush Hour 2". In 2003, she playee age of eighteen, Sánchez moved to New York City, where she took classes in dancing, acting and singing. She returned to Puerto Rico and, in 1992, she made her movie debut, having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie "Captain Ron", which was partly filmed in Puerto Rico.</s><s>Career. In Puerto Rico, Sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as co-host of a variety show called "Qué Vacilón". At that time, in 1993, Sánchez won the Miss Puerto Rico Petite contest and, in 1994, she won the international title of Miss American Petite, bringing her international fame. Sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including "Maxim Magazine"s "Hot 100" in 2001, 2002 and 2006; AskMen.com\'s "Top 99 Most Desirable Women" in 2005 and 2006; and "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" in 2005 and 2006. In 2001, Sánchez was cast as Isabella Molina, an undercover United States Secret Service agent who was Jackie Chan\'s love interest in the hit movie "Rush Hour 2". In 2003, she played'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' the role of Lorena in the movie "Chasing Papi", starring alongside Jaci Velasquez and Sofia Vergara. Sánchez has acted in some 20 movies, including as Maria in "Edison" and as Karen Lopez in "Underclassman". She starred in the Puerto Rican film "Cayo", released in 2005. In 2003, her first musical recording, "Borinqueña", was released. The album\'s first single, "Amor Amor", gained a lot of attention as well as a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Music Video. She appeared in Craig David\'s music videos "Hidden Agenda" and "Personal", and in the Fabolous video for the song "Make Me Better". In the fall of 2005, Sánchez joined the cast of the CBS television series "Without a Trace", where she played Agent Elena Delgado to 2009. She composed the musical "Yellow", about a singer/dancer/actress who leaves Puerto Rico to hit the big time in New York, in which she played the principal part. The movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007. Also in 2007, she acted as Monique, the ballet teacher, in "The Game Plan", and in 2009rena in the movie "Chasing Papi", starring alongside Jaci Velasquez and Sofia Vergara. Sánchez has acted in some 20 movies, including as Maria in "Edison" and as Karen Lopez in "Underclassman". She starred in the Puerto Rican film "Cayo", released in 2005. In 2003, her first musical recording, "Borinqueña", was released. The album\'s first single, "Amor Amor", gained a lot of attention as well as a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Music Video. She appeared in Craig David\'s music videos "Hidden Agenda" and "Personal", and in the Fabolous video for the song "Make Me Better". In the fall of 2005, Sánchez joined the cast of the CBS television series "Without a Trace", where she played Agent Elena Delgado to 2009. She composed the musical "Yellow", about a singer/dancer/actress who leaves Puerto Rico to hit the big time in New York, in which she played the principal part. The movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007. Also in 2007, she acted as Monique, the ballet teacher, in "The Game Plan", and in 2009,'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: san juan is in puerto rico, clean Passages: ['roselyn milagros sánchez rodríguez born april 2 1973 is a puerto rican singersongwriter dancer model actress producer and writer on television she is best known for her roles as elena delgado on the cbs police procedural without a trace 2005–09 as carmen luna on the lifetime comedydrama devious maids 2013–16 and as elena roarke on the new fantasy island 2021–present in film sánchez has appeared in rush hour 2 2001 boat trip 2002 the game plan 2007 and act of valor 2012early life sánchez was born in san juan puerto rico and is the youngest of four siblings having three older brothers she received her primary education in san juan at a young age she showed an interest in both dancing and acting and would put on shows for her family sánchez enrolled in the university of puerto rico where like her father and brothers she was to study marketing however after three years she left the course', ' starred in the perfect sleep a neonoir drama costarring patrick bauchau tony amendola isaac singleton and peter lucas in 2011 sánchez made a guest appearance on tnts rizzoli  isles playing villainous attorney valerie delgado in 2012 sánchez was cast opposite ana ortiz of abc comedydrama pilot devious maids created by marc cherry on may 14 2012 the pilot was not picked to series by abc for the 2012–13 united states network schedule however on june 22 2012 lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteenepisode order the series premiered june 23 2013 on lifetimepersonal life from august 9 1998 to april 15 2001 sanchez was married to english actor former boxer and former model gary stretch after her divorce she started a relationship with puerto rican salsa singer víctor manuelle in december 2005 she announced that she had ended their relationship sanchez became engaged to actor eric winter in december 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 november 2008 in san juan puerto rico they have two children together a daughter sebele perfect sleep a neonoir drama costarring patrick bauchau tony amendola isaac singleton and peter lucas in 2011 sánchez made a guest appearance on tnts rizzoli  isles playing villainous attorney valerie delgado in 2012 sánchez was cast opposite ana ortiz of abc comedydrama pilot devious maids created by marc cherry on may 14 2012 the pilot was not picked to series by abc for the 2012–13 united states network schedule however on june 22 2012 lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteenepisode order the series premiered june 23 2013 on lifetimepersonal life from august 9 1998 to april 15 2001 sanchez was married to english actor former boxer and former model gary stretch after her divorce she started a relationship with puerto rican salsa singer víctor manuelle in december 2005 she announced that she had ended their relationship sanchez became engaged to actor eric winter in december 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 november 2008 in san juan puerto rico they have two children together a daughter sebell', 'a born january 2012 and a son dylan born november 2017 sánchez is the spokesperson of the fundación de niños san jorge which assists sick children from poor familiesdiscography  2003 borinqueñasee also  list of puerto ricanss 2012 and a son dylan born november 2017 sánchez is the spokesperson of the fundación de niños san jorge which assists sick children from poor familiesdiscography  2003 borinqueñasee also  list of puerto ricans', ' in 1991 at the age of eighteen sánchez moved to new york city where she took classes in dancing acting and singing she returned to puerto rico and in 1992 she made her movie debut having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie captain ron which was partly filmed in puerto ricocareer in puerto rico sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as cohost of a variety show called qué vacilón at that time in 1993 sánchez won the miss puerto rico petite contest and in 1994 she won the international title of miss american petite bringing her international fame sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including maxim magazines hot 100 in 2001 2002 and 2006 askmencoms top 99 most desirable women in 2005 and 2006 and fhms 100 sexiest women in 2005 and 2006 in 2001 sánchez was cast as isabella molina an undercover united states secret service agent who was jackie chans love interest in the hit movie rush hour 2 in 2003 she playee age of eighteen sánchez moved to new york city where she took classes in dancing acting and singing she returned to puerto rico and in 1992 she made her movie debut having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie captain ron which was partly filmed in puerto ricocareer in puerto rico sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as cohost of a variety show called qué vacilón at that time in 1993 sánchez won the miss puerto rico petite contest and in 1994 she won the international title of miss american petite bringing her international fame sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including maxim magazines hot 100 in 2001 2002 and 2006 askmencoms top 99 most desirable women in 2005 and 2006 and fhms 100 sexiest women in 2005 and 2006 in 2001 sánchez was cast as isabella molina an undercover united states secret service agent who was jackie chans love interest in the hit movie rush hour 2 in 2003 she played', ' the role of lorena in the movie chasing papi starring alongside jaci velasquez and sofia vergara sánchez has acted in some 20 movies including as maria in edison and as karen lopez in underclassman she starred in the puerto rican film cayo released in 2005 in 2003 her first musical recording borinqueña was released the albums first single amor amor gained a lot of attention as well as a latin grammy nomination for best music video she appeared in craig davids music videos hidden agenda and personal and in the fabolous video for the song make me better in the fall of 2005 sánchez joined the cast of the cbs television series without a trace where she played agent elena delgado to 2009 she composed the musical yellow about a singerdanceractress who leaves puerto rico to hit the big time in new york in which she played the principal part the movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007 also in 2007 she acted as monique the ballet teacher in the game plan and in 2009rena in the movie chasing papi starring alongside jaci velasquez and sofia vergara sánchez has acted in some 20 movies including as maria in edison and as karen lopez in underclassman she starred in the puerto rican film cayo released in 2005 in 2003 her first musical recording borinqueña was released the albums first single amor amor gained a lot of attention as well as a latin grammy nomination for best music video she appeared in craig davids music videos hidden agenda and personal and in the fabolous video for the song make me better in the fall of 2005 sánchez joined the cast of the cbs television series without a trace where she played agent elena delgado to 2009 she composed the musical yellow about a singerdanceractress who leaves puerto rico to hit the big time in new york in which she played the principal part the movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007 also in 2007 she acted as monique the ballet teacher in the game plan and in 2009']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Rennie Fritchie is a public servant., Passages: [{'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': '<s>Irene Tordoff Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie, DBE (née Fennell; born 29 April 1942 in Fife, Scotland), known as Rennie Fritchie, is a British crossbench peer.</s><s>Life/career. Irene Tordoff Fennell, daughter of Mr and Mrs Charles Frederick Fennell, was educated at Ribston Hall Grammar School for Girls in Gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development. Now described as a "portfolio" worker, she has held various positions including Commissioner for Public Appointments from 1999 to 2005, and President of the Pennell Initiative for Women\'s Health in Later Life. In the 1970s, she was one of the first full-time women\'s training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new Equal Opportunities Commission. Using a German Marshall Fellowship awarded in 1985, she drew lessons from the United States of America for the United Kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women. She has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio. She became Chairman of Nominet in 2010.</s><s>Affili'}, {'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': 'ations. She holds a number of positions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</stions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: rennie fritchie is a public servant, clean Passages: ['irene tordoff fritchie baroness fritchie dbe née fennell born 29 april 1942 in fife scotland known as rennie fritchie is a british crossbench peerlifecareer irene tordoff fennell daughter of mr and mrs charles frederick fennell was educated at ribston hall grammar school for girls in gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development now described as a portfolio worker she has held various positions including commissioner for public appointments from 1999 to 2005 and president of the pennell initiative for womens health in later life in the 1970s she was one of the first fulltime womens training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new equal opportunities commission using a german marshall fellowship awarded in 1985 she drew lessons from the united states of america for the united kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women she has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio she became chairman of nominet in 2010affili', 'ations she holds a number of positions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lordsstions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lords']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Gerhard Fischer invented the first handheld, battery-operated metal detector., Passages: [{'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': ' the hand-held metal detector is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</stor is disputed, the hand-held metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by Dr. Gerhard Fisher in 1931. A metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier (1881) by Alexander Graham Bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in President James A. Garfield.</s><s>Biography.:Fisher Research Laboratory. He founded "Fisher Research Laboratory" to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931.</s><s>References. - - -</s>'}, {'title': 'Gerhard Fischer (inventor)', 'text': '<s>Gerhard Julius Richard Fischer later Gerhard Julius Richard Fisher, Gerhard R. Fisher (March 18, 1899 – May 2, 1988) was a U.S. entrepreneur of German descent. He contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detector.</s><s>Biography. Fisher was born in 1899 in Landeshut, Silesia, to Richard Hugo Georg Arthur Fischer, an engineer, and his wife Margaretha Julia Fischer née Job. His mother was from Łódź, where the parents also married. Around 1906, the Fischer family moved to Dresden. After studying electrical engineering at the Dresden University, Fischer emigrated to the U.S. In 1931, he founded Fisher Research Laboratory, Inc. in Palo Alto, where he served as president until his retirement in 1967. While working with aircraft radio detection finders environment-dependent changes became apparent. From the interference by metal, he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal. Fisher shared the idea with Albert Einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use. In 1937, he patented his metal detector. He died 1988 in Palo Alto.</s><s>Biography.:Inventions. Although the actual inventor of'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: gerhard fischer invented the first handheld batteryoperated metal detector, clean Passages: [' the handheld metal detector is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   stor is disputed the handheld metal detector was made in 1925 and was first patented by dr gerhard fisher in 1931 a metal detector had been invented some forty years earlier 1881 by alexander graham bell for the sole purpose of locating a lead bullet in president james a garfieldbiographyfisher research laboratory he founded fisher research laboratory to develop and market the hand held metal detectors in 1931references   ', 'gerhard julius richard fischer later gerhard julius richard fisher gerhard r fisher march 18 1899 – may 2 1988 was a us entrepreneur of german descent he contributed to the development and popularity of the hand held metal detectorbiography fisher was born in 1899 in landeshut silesia to richard hugo georg arthur fischer an engineer and his wife margaretha julia fischer née job his mother was from łódź where the parents also married around 1906 the fischer family moved to dresden after studying electrical engineering at the dresden university fischer emigrated to the us in 1931 he founded fisher research laboratory inc in palo alto where he served as president until his retirement in 1967 while working with aircraft radio detection finders environmentdependent changes became apparent from the interference by metal he concluded that the device must also be suitable for detecting metal fisher shared the idea with albert einstein who correctly predicted the proliferation of hand held metal detector use in 1937 he patented his metal detector he died 1988 in palo altobiographyinventions although the actual inventor of']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Don Featherstone died in 2015., Passages: [{'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': "<s>Donald Featherstone (January 25, 1936 – June 22, 2015) was an American artist most widely known for his 1957 creation of the plastic pink flamingo while working for Union Products. Featherstone resided in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, where he kept 57 plastic flamingos on his back lawn. Featherstone and his wife Nancy dressed alike for over 35 years.</s><s>Biography. Featherstone was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1936 and grew up in nearby Berlin. After graduating from the Worcester Art Museum's art school, in 1957, he was offered a job designing three-dimensional animals for Union Products, Inc. Over his years at Union Products, Featherstone sculpted over 750 different items, the first two of which were a girl with a water can and a boy with a dog. When Featherstone was asked in 1957 to sculpt a duck, he purchased one, which he named Charlie, and later released the bird in Coggshall Park. Later that year, he was asked to carve a flamingo. The now iconic pink flamingo went on sale in 1958, when the color pink was popular. In 1996, Featherstone was awarded the 1996 Ig Nobel Art Prize for his creation of the pink flamingo, and he also"}, {'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': ' began his tenure as president of Union Products, which he held until he retired in 2000. On June 22, 2015, Featherstone died from Lewy body dementia at the age of 79. Visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his grave.</s><s>Pink flamingo. Featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from National Geographic, as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models. As time went on, the plastic flamingo became more popular. They appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits. In 1987, Donald Featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold. This was apparently to help distinguish between original and "knock-off" pink plastic flamingos. Featherstone\'s signature stayed on the bird until 2001, when it was removed. The signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds. In November 2006, Union Products closed and production of the flamingo stopped. Shortly thereafter, a New York company purchased the molds for Featherstone\'s flamingos and subcontracted production to a Fitchburg company, Cado Products. In 2010, Cado Products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them. Theident of Union Products, which he held until he retired in 2000. On June 22, 2015, Featherstone died from Lewy body dementia at the age of 79. Visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his grave.</s><s>Pink flamingo. Featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from National Geographic, as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models. As time went on, the plastic flamingo became more popular. They appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits. In 1987, Donald Featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold. This was apparently to help distinguish between original and "knock-off" pink plastic flamingos. Featherstone\'s signature stayed on the bird until 2001, when it was removed. The signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds. In November 2006, Union Products closed and production of the flamingo stopped. Shortly thereafter, a New York company purchased the molds for Featherstone\'s flamingos and subcontracted production to a Fitchburg company, Cado Products. In 2010, Cado Products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them. They'}, {'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': ' are generally sold in sets of two—one holding its head erect, nearly high, the other bending over as if looking for food.</sts of two—one holding its head erect, nearly high, the other bending over as if looking for food.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: don featherstone died in 2015, clean Passages: ['donald featherstone january 25 1936 – june 22 2015 was an american artist most widely known for his 1957 creation of the plastic pink flamingo while working for union products featherstone resided in fitchburg massachusetts where he kept 57 plastic flamingos on his back lawn featherstone and his wife nancy dressed alike for over 35 yearsbiography featherstone was born in worcester massachusetts in 1936 and grew up in nearby berlin after graduating from the worcester art museums art school in 1957 he was offered a job designing threedimensional animals for union products inc over his years at union products featherstone sculpted over 750 different items the first two of which were a girl with a water can and a boy with a dog when featherstone was asked in 1957 to sculpt a duck he purchased one which he named charlie and later released the bird in coggshall park later that year he was asked to carve a flamingo the now iconic pink flamingo went on sale in 1958 when the color pink was popular in 1996 featherstone was awarded the 1996 ig nobel art prize for his creation of the pink flamingo and he also', ' began his tenure as president of union products which he held until he retired in 2000 on june 22 2015 featherstone died from lewy body dementia at the age of 79 visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his gravepink flamingo featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from national geographic as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models as time went on the plastic flamingo became more popular they appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits in 1987 donald featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold this was apparently to help distinguish between original and knockoff pink plastic flamingos featherstones signature stayed on the bird until 2001 when it was removed the signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds in november 2006 union products closed and production of the flamingo stopped shortly thereafter a new york company purchased the molds for featherstones flamingos and subcontracted production to a fitchburg company cado products in 2010 cado products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them theident of union products which he held until he retired in 2000 on june 22 2015 featherstone died from lewy body dementia at the age of 79 visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his gravepink flamingo featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from national geographic as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models as time went on the plastic flamingo became more popular they appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits in 1987 donald featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold this was apparently to help distinguish between original and knockoff pink plastic flamingos featherstones signature stayed on the bird until 2001 when it was removed the signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds in november 2006 union products closed and production of the flamingo stopped shortly thereafter a new york company purchased the molds for featherstones flamingos and subcontracted production to a fitchburg company cado products in 2010 cado products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them they', ' are generally sold in sets of two—one holding its head erect nearly high the other bending over as if looking for foodsts of two—one holding its head erect nearly high the other bending over as if looking for food']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Shahnaz married Ardeshir Zahedi., Passages: [{'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': " was not materialized due to her unwillingness. Her first marriage, at age sixteen, was to Ardeshir Zahedi on 11 October 1957, at Golestan Palace in Tehran. He was one-time Iranian foreign minister and twice Iranian ambassador to the United States (1957–64 and 1972–79).{{cite news|title=Iran Shah's daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremony|url=https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=ZcdGAAAAIBAJ&sjid=8vMMAAAAIBAJ&pg=1761,3998465&dq=marble+palace+tehran&hl=en|access-date=23 July 2013|newspaper=Lewiston Evening Journal Shahnaz later married Khosrow Jahanbani in February 1971 at the Iranian Embassy, Paris.{{cite web|title=Centers of Power in Iran During her father's reign, Shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of Honda bicycles and motorcycles.</s><s>Later years. Since the Iranian Revolution has lived in Switzerland. She has Swiss citizenship. In December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was granted Egyptian citizenship by the"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': "<s>Shahnaz Pahlavi (, born 27 October 1940) is the first child of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and his first wife, Princess Fawzia of Egypt.</s><s>Early life and education. Shahnaz Pahlavi was born in Tehran on 27 October 1940.{{cite news|title=تابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایران|url=https://www.bbc.com/persian/iran/2013/12/131210_u08_egypt_shahnaz|access-date=7 August 2021|work=BBC|date=11 December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was educated in a Belgian boarding school, the Lycée Léonie de Waha, in Liège and then in Switzerland.</s><s>Personal life. Her father had plans for Shahnaz's marriage with King Faisal of Iraq which"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': ' Egyptian government.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</snment.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: shahnaz married ardeshir zahedi, clean Passages: [' was not materialized due to her unwillingness her first marriage at age sixteen was to ardeshir zahedi on 11 october 1957 at golestan palace in tehran he was onetime iranian foreign minister and twice iranian ambassador to the united states 1957–64 and 1972–79cite newstitleiran shahs daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremonyurlhttpsnewsgooglecomnewspapersidzcdgaaaaibajsjid8vmmaaaaibajpg17613998465dqmarblepalacetehranhlenaccessdate23 july 2013newspaperlewiston evening journal shahnaz later married khosrow jahanbani in february 1971 at the iranian embassy pariscite webtitlecenters of power in iran during her fathers reign shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of honda bicycles and motorcycleslater years since the iranian revolution has lived in switzerland she has swiss citizenship in december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was granted egyptian citizenship by the', 'shahnaz pahlavi  born 27 october 1940 is the first child of the shah of iran mohammad reza pahlavi and his first wife princess fawzia of egyptearly life and education shahnaz pahlavi was born in tehran on 27 october 1940cite newstitleتابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایرانurlhttpswwwbbccompersianiran201312131210u08egyptshahnazaccessdate7 august 2021workbbcdate11 december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was educated in a belgian boarding school the lycée léonie de waha in liège and then in switzerlandpersonal life her father had plans for shahnazs marriage with king faisal of iraq which', ' egyptian governmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empiresnmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empire']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: The films he has starred in have been popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: the films he has starred in have been popular, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jessica Barboza is Venezuelan., Passages: [{'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': '<s>Jessica Cristina Barboza Schmidt (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 14 August 1987) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 and Miss International Venezuela 2010.</s><s>Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela. Barboza won in 2009 the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela title in a pageant held in Margarita Island, Venezuela on June 12, 2009. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, María Daniela Torrealba, Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2008. She also competed in Miss Earth Venezuela 2006 but didn\'t place.</s><s>Miss Earth. As the official representative of her country to the 2009 Miss Earth pageant held in Boracay, Philippines, on November 22, 2009, Barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runner-up.</s><s>Miss Venezuela. Barboza competed in 2010 as Miss Distrito Capital in her country\'s national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of "Miss International Venezuela" on October 28, 2010.</s><s>Miss International. She represented Venezuela in the 2011 Miss International pageant in Chengdu, China in November 6, 2011. During the Miss International 2011 final, Jessica Bar'}, {'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': 'boza was announced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</sced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jessica barboza is venezuelan, clean Passages: ['jessica cristina barboza schmidt born in maracaibo venezuela on 14 august 1987 is a venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of miss earth venezuela 2009 and miss international venezuela 2010sambil model  miss earth venezuela barboza won in 2009 the sambil model  miss earth venezuela title in a pageant held in margarita island venezuela on june 12 2009 she was crowned by the outgoing titleholder maría daniela torrealba sambil model  miss earth venezuela 2008 she also competed in miss earth venezuela 2006 but didnt placemiss earth as the official representative of her country to the 2009 miss earth pageant held in boracay philippines on november 22 2009 barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runnerupmiss venezuela barboza competed in 2010 as miss distrito capital in her countrys national beauty pageant miss venezuela obtaining the title of miss international venezuela on october 28 2010miss international she represented venezuela in the 2011 miss international pageant in chengdu china in november 6 2011 during the miss international 2011 final jessica bar', 'boza was announced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloésced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloé']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Belly is a film., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: belly is a film, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Hibo Wardere is a campaigner., Passages: [{'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': '<s>Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, she moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. She currently resides in Walthamstow, London, where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of Britain\'s most prominent campaigners about FGM and she has appeared in numerous publications, including the "Telegraph", the BBC, and "The Guardian".</s><s>Early life. Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, she was the victim of type 3 FGM, an event she has described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, she sought answers from her mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, she finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night. She was horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.</s><s>Activism. When'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped". Wardere\'s main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in her lifetime. Her memoir, "Cut", was published in April 2016.</s><s>Personal life. lives with her husband Yusuf and their seven children.</s>'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' she arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere i in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: hibo wardere is a campaigner, clean Passages: ['hibo wardere is a somaliborn campaigner against female genital mutilation fgm author and public speaker born in somalia she moved to london england when just a teenager in 1989 as a refugee fleeing the somali civil war she currently resides in walthamstow london where she worked as a mediator and a regular fgm educator for waltham forest borough her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of britains most prominent campaigners about fgm and she has appeared in numerous publications including the telegraph the bbc and the guardianearly life hibo wardere was born in somalia at the age of six she was the victim of type 3 fgm an event she has described as being engulfed in pain from head to toe every day for the next ten years she sought answers from her mother but was always denied a response when wardere was 16 she finally struck a deal with a relative who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night she was horrified by the revelations and soon fled to london after the civil war broke out in the 1980sactivism when', ' quoted as saying “it is a sexual abuse it brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity it should be stopped warderes main ambition for the future is to see female genital mutilation eradicated in her lifetime her memoir cut was published in april 2016personal life lives with her husband yusuf and their seven children', ' she arrived in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere i in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere is']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in "Familiar Wife."., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in familiar wife, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jean Daullé was an engraver., Passages: [{'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': '<s>Jean Daullé (18 May 1703 – 23 April 1763) was a French engraver.</s><s>Biography. He was the son of Jean Daullé, a silversmith, and his wife, Anne née Dennel. At the age of fourteen, he received training from an engraver named Robart, at the priory of Saint-Pierre d\'Abbeville. He then went to Paris, and worked at the studios of Robert Hecquet (1693-1775), who was also originally from Picardy. In 1735, his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant, Pierre-Jean Mariette, who provided him with professional recommendations. Soon after, he was approached by the painter, Hyacinthe Rigaud, who wanted to make him his official engraver. In 1742, Daullé was received at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, with his presentation, "Hyacinthe Rigaud Painting his Wife", after a work by Rigaud. He was also admitted as a member of the academy in Augsbourg. Eventually named "Engraver to the King",'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo.'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' - "Claude Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid"Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid";'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': " after Van Dyck. A detailed account of this artist's works is contained in Delignière's 'Catalogue raisonné de l'oeuvre gravé de d' Abbeville,' 1872, 8vo.</s><s>References. - - Attribution:</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jean daullé was an engraver, clean Passages: ['jean daullé 18 may 1703 – 23 april 1763 was a french engraverbiography he was the son of jean daullé a silversmith and his wife anne née dennel at the age of fourteen he received training from an engraver named robart at the priory of saintpierre dabbeville he then went to paris and worked at the studios of robert hecquet 16931775 who was also originally from picardy in 1735 his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant pierrejean mariette who provided him with professional recommendations soon after he was approached by the painter hyacinthe rigaud who wanted to make him his official engraver in 1742 daullé was received at the académie royale de peinture et de sculpture with his presentation hyacinthe rigaud painting his wife after a work by rigaud he was also admitted as a member of the academy in augsbourg eventually named engraver to the king', ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo', '  claude deshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupiddeshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupid', ' after van dyck a detailed account of this artists works is contained in delignières catalogue raisonné de loeuvre gravé de d abbeville 1872 8voreferences   attribution']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Rennie Fritchie is British., Passages: [{'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': '<s>Irene Tordoff Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie, DBE (née Fennell; born 29 April 1942 in Fife, Scotland), known as Rennie Fritchie, is a British crossbench peer.</s><s>Life/career. Irene Tordoff Fennell, daughter of Mr and Mrs Charles Frederick Fennell, was educated at Ribston Hall Grammar School for Girls in Gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development. Now described as a "portfolio" worker, she has held various positions including Commissioner for Public Appointments from 1999 to 2005, and President of the Pennell Initiative for Women\'s Health in Later Life. In the 1970s, she was one of the first full-time women\'s training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new Equal Opportunities Commission. Using a German Marshall Fellowship awarded in 1985, she drew lessons from the United States of America for the United Kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women. She has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio. She became Chairman of Nominet in 2010.</s><s>Affili'}, {'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': 'ations. She holds a number of positions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</stions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: rennie fritchie is british, clean Passages: ['irene tordoff fritchie baroness fritchie dbe née fennell born 29 april 1942 in fife scotland known as rennie fritchie is a british crossbench peerlifecareer irene tordoff fennell daughter of mr and mrs charles frederick fennell was educated at ribston hall grammar school for girls in gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development now described as a portfolio worker she has held various positions including commissioner for public appointments from 1999 to 2005 and president of the pennell initiative for womens health in later life in the 1970s she was one of the first fulltime womens training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new equal opportunities commission using a german marshall fellowship awarded in 1985 she drew lessons from the united states of america for the united kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women she has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio she became chairman of nominet in 2010affili', 'ations she holds a number of positions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lordsstions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lords']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She was born in San Juan., Passages: [{'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': '<s>Roselyn Milagros Sánchez Rodríguez (born April 2, 1973) is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, dancer, model, actress, producer, and writer. On television, she is best known for her roles as Elena Delgado on the CBS police procedural "Without a Trace" (2005–09), as Carmen Luna on the Lifetime comedy-drama "Devious Maids" (2013–16), and as Elena Roarke on the new Fantasy Island (2021–present). In film, Sánchez has appeared in "Rush Hour 2" (2001), "Boat Trip" (2002), "The Game Plan" (2007), and "Act of Valor" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Sánchez was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and is the youngest of four siblings, having three older brothers. She received her primary education in San Juan. At a young age, she showed an interest in both dancing and acting and would put on shows for her family. Sánchez enrolled in the University of Puerto Rico, where like her father and brothers she was to study marketing. However, after three years she left the course.'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' In 1991, at the age of eighteen, Sánchez moved to New York City, where she took classes in dancing, acting and singing. She returned to Puerto Rico and, in 1992, she made her movie debut, having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie "Captain Ron", which was partly filmed in Puerto Rico.</s><s>Career. In Puerto Rico, Sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as co-host of a variety show called "Qué Vacilón". At that time, in 1993, Sánchez won the Miss Puerto Rico Petite contest and, in 1994, she won the international title of Miss American Petite, bringing her international fame. Sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including "Maxim Magazine"s "Hot 100" in 2001, 2002 and 2006; AskMen.com\'s "Top 99 Most Desirable Women" in 2005 and 2006; and "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" in 2005 and 2006. In 2001, Sánchez was cast as Isabella Molina, an undercover United States Secret Service agent who was Jackie Chan\'s love interest in the hit movie "Rush Hour 2". In 2003, she playee age of eighteen, Sánchez moved to New York City, where she took classes in dancing, acting and singing. She returned to Puerto Rico and, in 1992, she made her movie debut, having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie "Captain Ron", which was partly filmed in Puerto Rico.</s><s>Career. In Puerto Rico, Sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as co-host of a variety show called "Qué Vacilón". At that time, in 1993, Sánchez won the Miss Puerto Rico Petite contest and, in 1994, she won the international title of Miss American Petite, bringing her international fame. Sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including "Maxim Magazine"s "Hot 100" in 2001, 2002 and 2006; AskMen.com\'s "Top 99 Most Desirable Women" in 2005 and 2006; and "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" in 2005 and 2006. In 2001, Sánchez was cast as Isabella Molina, an undercover United States Secret Service agent who was Jackie Chan\'s love interest in the hit movie "Rush Hour 2". In 2003, she played'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' the role of Lorena in the movie "Chasing Papi", starring alongside Jaci Velasquez and Sofia Vergara. Sánchez has acted in some 20 movies, including as Maria in "Edison" and as Karen Lopez in "Underclassman". She starred in the Puerto Rican film "Cayo", released in 2005. In 2003, her first musical recording, "Borinqueña", was released. The album\'s first single, "Amor Amor", gained a lot of attention as well as a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Music Video. She appeared in Craig David\'s music videos "Hidden Agenda" and "Personal", and in the Fabolous video for the song "Make Me Better". In the fall of 2005, Sánchez joined the cast of the CBS television series "Without a Trace", where she played Agent Elena Delgado to 2009. She composed the musical "Yellow", about a singer/dancer/actress who leaves Puerto Rico to hit the big time in New York, in which she played the principal part. The movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007. Also in 2007, she acted as Monique, the ballet teacher, in "The Game Plan", and in 2009rena in the movie "Chasing Papi", starring alongside Jaci Velasquez and Sofia Vergara. Sánchez has acted in some 20 movies, including as Maria in "Edison" and as Karen Lopez in "Underclassman". She starred in the Puerto Rican film "Cayo", released in 2005. In 2003, her first musical recording, "Borinqueña", was released. The album\'s first single, "Amor Amor", gained a lot of attention as well as a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Music Video. She appeared in Craig David\'s music videos "Hidden Agenda" and "Personal", and in the Fabolous video for the song "Make Me Better". In the fall of 2005, Sánchez joined the cast of the CBS television series "Without a Trace", where she played Agent Elena Delgado to 2009. She composed the musical "Yellow", about a singer/dancer/actress who leaves Puerto Rico to hit the big time in New York, in which she played the principal part. The movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007. Also in 2007, she acted as Monique, the ballet teacher, in "The Game Plan", and in 2009,'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' starred in "The Perfect Sleep", a neo-noir drama, co-starring Patrick Bauchau, Tony Amendola, Isaac Singleton, and Peter Lucas. In 2011, Sánchez made a guest appearance on TNT\'s "Rizzoli & Isles", playing villainous attorney Valerie Delgado. In 2012, Sánchez was cast opposite Ana Ortiz of ABC comedy-drama pilot "Devious Maids", created by Marc Cherry. On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule. However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order. The series premiered June 23, 2013 on Lifetime.</s><s>Personal life. From August 9, 1998, to April 15, 2001, Sanchez was married to English actor, former boxer, and former model Gary Stretch. After her divorce, she started a relationship with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. In December 2005, she announced that she had ended their relationship. Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. They have two children together: a daughter, Sebele Perfect Sleep", a neo-noir drama, co-starring Patrick Bauchau, Tony Amendola, Isaac Singleton, and Peter Lucas. In 2011, Sánchez made a guest appearance on TNT\'s "Rizzoli & Isles", playing villainous attorney Valerie Delgado. In 2012, Sánchez was cast opposite Ana Ortiz of ABC comedy-drama pilot "Devious Maids", created by Marc Cherry. On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule. However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order. The series premiered June 23, 2013 on Lifetime.</s><s>Personal life. From August 9, 1998, to April 15, 2001, Sanchez was married to English actor, former boxer, and former model Gary Stretch. After her divorce, she started a relationship with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. In December 2005, she announced that she had ended their relationship. Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. They have two children together: a daughter, Sebell'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': 'a (born January 2012), and a son, Dylan (born November 2017). Sánchez is the spokesperson of the Fundación de Niños San Jorge, which assists sick children from poor families.</s><s>Discography. - 2003: "Borinqueña"</s><s>See also. - List of Puerto Ricans</s 2012), and a son, Dylan (born November 2017). Sánchez is the spokesperson of the Fundación de Niños San Jorge, which assists sick children from poor families.</s><s>Discography. - 2003: "Borinqueña"</s><s>See also. - List of Puerto Ricans</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she was born in san juan, clean Passages: ['roselyn milagros sánchez rodríguez born april 2 1973 is a puerto rican singersongwriter dancer model actress producer and writer on television she is best known for her roles as elena delgado on the cbs police procedural without a trace 2005–09 as carmen luna on the lifetime comedydrama devious maids 2013–16 and as elena roarke on the new fantasy island 2021–present in film sánchez has appeared in rush hour 2 2001 boat trip 2002 the game plan 2007 and act of valor 2012early life sánchez was born in san juan puerto rico and is the youngest of four siblings having three older brothers she received her primary education in san juan at a young age she showed an interest in both dancing and acting and would put on shows for her family sánchez enrolled in the university of puerto rico where like her father and brothers she was to study marketing however after three years she left the course', ' in 1991 at the age of eighteen sánchez moved to new york city where she took classes in dancing acting and singing she returned to puerto rico and in 1992 she made her movie debut having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie captain ron which was partly filmed in puerto ricocareer in puerto rico sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as cohost of a variety show called qué vacilón at that time in 1993 sánchez won the miss puerto rico petite contest and in 1994 she won the international title of miss american petite bringing her international fame sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including maxim magazines hot 100 in 2001 2002 and 2006 askmencoms top 99 most desirable women in 2005 and 2006 and fhms 100 sexiest women in 2005 and 2006 in 2001 sánchez was cast as isabella molina an undercover united states secret service agent who was jackie chans love interest in the hit movie rush hour 2 in 2003 she playee age of eighteen sánchez moved to new york city where she took classes in dancing acting and singing she returned to puerto rico and in 1992 she made her movie debut having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie captain ron which was partly filmed in puerto ricocareer in puerto rico sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as cohost of a variety show called qué vacilón at that time in 1993 sánchez won the miss puerto rico petite contest and in 1994 she won the international title of miss american petite bringing her international fame sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including maxim magazines hot 100 in 2001 2002 and 2006 askmencoms top 99 most desirable women in 2005 and 2006 and fhms 100 sexiest women in 2005 and 2006 in 2001 sánchez was cast as isabella molina an undercover united states secret service agent who was jackie chans love interest in the hit movie rush hour 2 in 2003 she played', ' the role of lorena in the movie chasing papi starring alongside jaci velasquez and sofia vergara sánchez has acted in some 20 movies including as maria in edison and as karen lopez in underclassman she starred in the puerto rican film cayo released in 2005 in 2003 her first musical recording borinqueña was released the albums first single amor amor gained a lot of attention as well as a latin grammy nomination for best music video she appeared in craig davids music videos hidden agenda and personal and in the fabolous video for the song make me better in the fall of 2005 sánchez joined the cast of the cbs television series without a trace where she played agent elena delgado to 2009 she composed the musical yellow about a singerdanceractress who leaves puerto rico to hit the big time in new york in which she played the principal part the movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007 also in 2007 she acted as monique the ballet teacher in the game plan and in 2009rena in the movie chasing papi starring alongside jaci velasquez and sofia vergara sánchez has acted in some 20 movies including as maria in edison and as karen lopez in underclassman she starred in the puerto rican film cayo released in 2005 in 2003 her first musical recording borinqueña was released the albums first single amor amor gained a lot of attention as well as a latin grammy nomination for best music video she appeared in craig davids music videos hidden agenda and personal and in the fabolous video for the song make me better in the fall of 2005 sánchez joined the cast of the cbs television series without a trace where she played agent elena delgado to 2009 she composed the musical yellow about a singerdanceractress who leaves puerto rico to hit the big time in new york in which she played the principal part the movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007 also in 2007 she acted as monique the ballet teacher in the game plan and in 2009', ' starred in the perfect sleep a neonoir drama costarring patrick bauchau tony amendola isaac singleton and peter lucas in 2011 sánchez made a guest appearance on tnts rizzoli  isles playing villainous attorney valerie delgado in 2012 sánchez was cast opposite ana ortiz of abc comedydrama pilot devious maids created by marc cherry on may 14 2012 the pilot was not picked to series by abc for the 2012–13 united states network schedule however on june 22 2012 lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteenepisode order the series premiered june 23 2013 on lifetimepersonal life from august 9 1998 to april 15 2001 sanchez was married to english actor former boxer and former model gary stretch after her divorce she started a relationship with puerto rican salsa singer víctor manuelle in december 2005 she announced that she had ended their relationship sanchez became engaged to actor eric winter in december 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 november 2008 in san juan puerto rico they have two children together a daughter sebele perfect sleep a neonoir drama costarring patrick bauchau tony amendola isaac singleton and peter lucas in 2011 sánchez made a guest appearance on tnts rizzoli  isles playing villainous attorney valerie delgado in 2012 sánchez was cast opposite ana ortiz of abc comedydrama pilot devious maids created by marc cherry on may 14 2012 the pilot was not picked to series by abc for the 2012–13 united states network schedule however on june 22 2012 lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteenepisode order the series premiered june 23 2013 on lifetimepersonal life from august 9 1998 to april 15 2001 sanchez was married to english actor former boxer and former model gary stretch after her divorce she started a relationship with puerto rican salsa singer víctor manuelle in december 2005 she announced that she had ended their relationship sanchez became engaged to actor eric winter in december 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 november 2008 in san juan puerto rico they have two children together a daughter sebell', 'a born january 2012 and a son dylan born november 2017 sánchez is the spokesperson of the fundación de niños san jorge which assists sick children from poor familiesdiscography  2003 borinqueñasee also  list of puerto ricanss 2012 and a son dylan born november 2017 sánchez is the spokesperson of the fundación de niños san jorge which assists sick children from poor familiesdiscography  2003 borinqueñasee also  list of puerto ricans']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Furlong left the military., Passages: [{'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': "<s>Rob Furlong (born 11 November 1976) is a Canadian former military sniper who, from March 2002 until November 2009, held the world record for the longest confirmed sniper kill in combat, at. His record stood for over 7 years and was improved upon by Craig Harrison with a distance of using a L115A3 Long Range Rifle.</s><s>Early life. Born on Fogo Island, Newfoundland, on 11 November 1976. In his early life Furlong taught himself to fire a rifle ambidextrously.</s><s>Military career. Inspired by a VHS tape, Furlong decided to join the military in 1997. Furlong enlisted in the Canadian Army and served with the 3rd Battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry. Furlong was stationed in Bosnia in 1999 as a peace keeper. In March 2002, Furlong participated in Operation Anaconda in Afghanistan's Shah-i-Kot Valley. His sniper team included Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale (Team Commander), Master Corporal Tim McMeekin, Master Corporal Arron Perry, and Corporal Dennis Eason. A group of three Al-Qaeda fighters was moving into a mountainside position when Furlong took aim with his long"}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': 'ron Perry were awarded the Bronze Star Medal by the United States Army for their actions in combat during Operation Anaconda from 2–11 March 2002. Furlong held the record of longest kill shot recorded in history until November 2009, when his record of was beaten by Corporal of Horse Craig Harrison, of the Blues and Royals, part of the Household Cavalry of the British Army, who set a new record by shooting two Taliban fighters at, using a.338 Lapua L115A3 Long Range Rifle.</s><s>Later career. After leaving the Canadian Army, Furlong moved to Edmonton, Alberta and joined the Edmonton Police Service in 2004, although he had considered joining Joint Task Force 2. In 2012, Furlong was dismissed from the police for discreditable conduct, after an episode in which he physically abused and urinated on a fellow police officer., he operates a marksmanship academy, called s Marksmanship Academy, based in Alberta.</s><s>See also. - Longest recorded sniper kills</s><s>See also. - List of books, articles and documentaries about snipers</s><s>Further reading. - McMillan Tac-50 article including a photo of the actual rifle Furlong used. - Mention in Dispatch (broken'}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': "-range sniper weapon (LRSW), a.50-calibre McMillan Brothers Tac-50 rifle, loaded with Hornady A-MAX 750 gr very-low-drag bullets. He began firing at a fighter carrying an RPK machine gun. Furlong's first shot missed and his second shot hit the knapsack on the target's back. The third struck the target's torso, killing him. The distance was measured as. With a muzzle speed of, each shot reached the target almost three seconds after Furlong fired. This became the longest sniper kill in history at the time, surpassing the previous record set by his teammate, Master Corporal Arron Perry, by. This feat is not typical for the effective range with a high first-hit probability of the employed rifle on non-static targets (see maximum effective range). The shot was aided by the ambient air density in the Shah-i-Kot Valley where Furlong operated, which is significantly lower than at sea level due to its mean elevation. In December 2003, PPCLI snipers Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale, Master Corporal Tim McMeekin, Corporal Dennis Eason, Corporal and Master Corporal Ar"}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': " link as of 03/03/2012) - 'We were abandoned': Story of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Snipers</s 03/03/2012) - 'We were abandoned': Story of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Snipers</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: furlong left the military, clean Passages: ['rob furlong born 11 november 1976 is a canadian former military sniper who from march 2002 until november 2009 held the world record for the longest confirmed sniper kill in combat at his record stood for over 7 years and was improved upon by craig harrison with a distance of using a l115a3 long range rifleearly life born on fogo island newfoundland on 11 november 1976 in his early life furlong taught himself to fire a rifle ambidextrouslymilitary career inspired by a vhs tape furlong decided to join the military in 1997 furlong enlisted in the canadian army and served with the 3rd battalion princess patricias canadian light infantry furlong was stationed in bosnia in 1999 as a peace keeper in march 2002 furlong participated in operation anaconda in afghanistans shahikot valley his sniper team included master corporal graham ragsdale team commander master corporal tim mcmeekin master corporal arron perry and corporal dennis eason a group of three alqaeda fighters was moving into a mountainside position when furlong took aim with his long', 'ron perry were awarded the bronze star medal by the united states army for their actions in combat during operation anaconda from 2–11 march 2002 furlong held the record of longest kill shot recorded in history until november 2009 when his record of was beaten by corporal of horse craig harrison of the blues and royals part of the household cavalry of the british army who set a new record by shooting two taliban fighters at using a338 lapua l115a3 long range riflelater career after leaving the canadian army furlong moved to edmonton alberta and joined the edmonton police service in 2004 although he had considered joining joint task force 2 in 2012 furlong was dismissed from the police for discreditable conduct after an episode in which he physically abused and urinated on a fellow police officer he operates a marksmanship academy called s marksmanship academy based in albertasee also  longest recorded sniper killssee also  list of books articles and documentaries about snipersfurther reading  mcmillan tac50 article including a photo of the actual rifle furlong used  mention in dispatch broken', 'range sniper weapon lrsw a50calibre mcmillan brothers tac50 rifle loaded with hornady amax 750 gr verylowdrag bullets he began firing at a fighter carrying an rpk machine gun furlongs first shot missed and his second shot hit the knapsack on the targets back the third struck the targets torso killing him the distance was measured as with a muzzle speed of each shot reached the target almost three seconds after furlong fired this became the longest sniper kill in history at the time surpassing the previous record set by his teammate master corporal arron perry by this feat is not typical for the effective range with a high firsthit probability of the employed rifle on nonstatic targets see maximum effective range the shot was aided by the ambient air density in the shahikot valley where furlong operated which is significantly lower than at sea level due to its mean elevation in december 2003 ppcli snipers master corporal graham ragsdale master corporal tim mcmeekin corporal dennis eason corporal and master corporal ar', ' link as of 03032012  we were abandoned story of the princess patricias canadian light infantry sniperss 03032012  we were abandoned story of the princess patricias canadian light infantry snipers']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Ji Sung was born on February 27, 1977., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '�약 종료 In January 2022, Ji-sung signed an exclusive contract with Surpass Entertainment.He starred in a mystery drama called "Adamas", which aired from July 27 to September 15, 2022. played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years ago.</s><s>Personal life. He met actress Lee Bo-young on the set of 2004 TV series "Save Last Dance for Me", and they confirmed their relationship in 2007. On 2 August 2013, the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites. They married at Aston House, W Seoul Walkerhill Hotel on 27 September 2013. Their first child, a daughter named Kwak Ji-yoo, was born on 13 June 2015. Their second child, a son named Kwak Woo-sung, was born on 5 February 2019.</s>'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: ji sung was born on february 27 1977, clean Passages: ['�약 종료 in january 2022 jisung signed an exclusive contract with surpass entertainmenthe starred in a mystery drama called adamas which aired from july 27 to september 15 2022 played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years agopersonal life he met actress lee boyoung on the set of 2004 tv series save last dance for me and they confirmed their relationship in 2007 on 2 august 2013 the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites they married at aston house w seoul walkerhill hotel on 27 september 2013 their first child a daughter named kwak jiyoo was born on 13 june 2015 their second child a son named kwak woosung was born on 5 february 2019', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: -"Protect the Boss." is popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: protect the boss is popular, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Rio de Janeiro is in Brazil., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: rio de janeiro is in brazil, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He served for many years as a pastor., Passages: [{'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': '<s>Malcolm Hedding (born 1952) is a South African anti-apartheid activist, theologian, evangelical minister, and Executive Director of the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem (ICEJ).</s><s>Biography. Hedding was born in 1952 into a British descent family that had settled in the Eastern Cape region. His father, Guy Usher Hedding, managed a gold mine. Hedding entered the ministry in the early 1970s as a member of the Assemblies of God of Southern Africa. As a young ordained minister with the South African Assemblies of God, Hedding confronted the apartheid system from the pulpit and was forced to flee his homeland. Between 1986 and 1989, Malcolm a pastor of the Jerusalem Christian Assembly. During this period, he also functioned as the Chaplain for the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem. As a Christian Zionist, Malcolm served from 1991 - 2000 as Chairman of "Christian Action for Israel," a biblical Zionist organization in South Africa. Malcolm Hedding has been involved with the work of the International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) since 1981 and has been executive director since 2000. On 27 May 2011, it was announced that he would be stepping down as executive director as of'}, {'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': ' 31 July 2011.</s><s>Views on Israel. Malcolm is currently a Christian Zionist leader based in Jerusalem who is challenging the branding of Israel with the "apartheid" label. Hedding believes the Israeli barrier fence has "nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with Israel\'s self-defense". He said that Israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians while granting political rights to its own Arab citizens within a liberal democratic system, but that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel\'s destruction. By contrast, he says, it was a tiny minority in South Africa that held power and once democracy came, the Nationalist Party that had dominated the masses disappeared. According to Hedding, "Evangelical support for Israel is founded not on a prophecy, but on a promise, [...] It is the promise God made to Abraham that the Jewish people would receive the land of Canaan for the sake of world redemption. The Jewish people became servants of the lord, to bring an understanding of revelation of God and his redemptive purpose to the world. Evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of Canaan, support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what we\'ve received." Hedding believes Israel proven its desire to reac/s><s>Views on Israel. Malcolm is currently a Christian Zionist leader based in Jerusalem who is challenging the branding of Israel with the "apartheid" label. Hedding believes the Israeli barrier fence has "nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with Israel\'s self-defense". He said that Israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians while granting political rights to its own Arab citizens within a liberal democratic system, but that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel\'s destruction. By contrast, he says, it was a tiny minority in South Africa that held power and once democracy came, the Nationalist Party that had dominated the masses disappeared. According to Hedding, "Evangelical support for Israel is founded not on a prophecy, but on a promise, [...] It is the promise God made to Abraham that the Jewish people would receive the land of Canaan for the sake of world redemption. The Jewish people became servants of the lord, to bring an understanding of revelation of God and his redemptive purpose to the world. Evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of Canaan, support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what we\'ve received." Hedding believes Israel proven its desire to reach'}, {'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': " a settlement with the Palestinians, while granting political rights to its Arab citizens within a democratic system. Nevertheless, he says that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel's destruction.</s><s>Books. - The Basis of Christian Support for Israel, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem-USA, 2005, - The Great Covenants of the Bible, - Hear our cry, Struik Christian Books, 1993, - For Zion's sake, Contact Publications, 1986, - Understanding Revelation, Intend Publishing, 2013,</s><s>References.</sith the Palestinians, while granting political rights to its Arab citizens within a democratic system. Nevertheless, he says that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel's destruction.</s><s>Books. - The Basis of Christian Support for Israel, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem-USA, 2005, - The Great Covenants of the Bible, - Hear our cry, Struik Christian Books, 1993, - For Zion's sake, Contact Publications, 1986, - Understanding Revelation, Intend Publishing, 2013,</s><s>References.</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he served for many years as a pastor, clean Passages: ['malcolm hedding born 1952 is a south african antiapartheid activist theologian evangelical minister and executive director of the international christian embassy in jerusalem icejbiography hedding was born in 1952 into a british descent family that had settled in the eastern cape region his father guy usher hedding managed a gold mine hedding entered the ministry in the early 1970s as a member of the assemblies of god of southern africa as a young ordained minister with the south african assemblies of god hedding confronted the apartheid system from the pulpit and was forced to flee his homeland between 1986 and 1989 malcolm a pastor of the jerusalem christian assembly during this period he also functioned as the chaplain for the international christian embassy in jerusalem as a christian zionist malcolm served from 1991  2000 as chairman of christian action for israel a biblical zionist organization in south africa malcolm hedding has been involved with the work of the international christian embassy jerusalem icej since 1981 and has been executive director since 2000 on 27 may 2011 it was announced that he would be stepping down as executive director as of', ' 31 july 2011views on israel malcolm is currently a christian zionist leader based in jerusalem who is challenging the branding of israel with the apartheid label hedding believes the israeli barrier fence has nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with israels selfdefense he said that israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the palestinians while granting political rights to its own arab citizens within a liberal democratic system but that the palestinians remain committed to israels destruction by contrast he says it was a tiny minority in south africa that held power and once democracy came the nationalist party that had dominated the masses disappeared according to hedding evangelical support for israel is founded not on a prophecy but on a promise  it is the promise god made to abraham that the jewish people would receive the land of canaan for the sake of world redemption the jewish people became servants of the lord to bring an understanding of revelation of god and his redemptive purpose to the world evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of canaan support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what weve received hedding believes israel proven its desire to reacsviews on israel malcolm is currently a christian zionist leader based in jerusalem who is challenging the branding of israel with the apartheid label hedding believes the israeli barrier fence has nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with israels selfdefense he said that israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the palestinians while granting political rights to its own arab citizens within a liberal democratic system but that the palestinians remain committed to israels destruction by contrast he says it was a tiny minority in south africa that held power and once democracy came the nationalist party that had dominated the masses disappeared according to hedding evangelical support for israel is founded not on a prophecy but on a promise  it is the promise god made to abraham that the jewish people would receive the land of canaan for the sake of world redemption the jewish people became servants of the lord to bring an understanding of revelation of god and his redemptive purpose to the world evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of canaan support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what weve received hedding believes israel proven its desire to reach', ' a settlement with the palestinians while granting political rights to its arab citizens within a democratic system nevertheless he says that the palestinians remain committed to israels destructionbooks  the basis of christian support for israel international christian embassy jerusalemusa 2005  the great covenants of the bible  hear our cry struik christian books 1993  for zions sake contact publications 1986  understanding revelation intend publishing 2013referencessith the palestinians while granting political rights to its arab citizens within a democratic system nevertheless he says that the palestinians remain committed to israels destructionbooks  the basis of christian support for israel international christian embassy jerusalemusa 2005  the great covenants of the bible  hear our cry struik christian books 1993  for zions sake contact publications 1986  understanding revelation intend publishing 2013references']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Ardeshir Zahedi served as Iran's foreign minister., Passages: [{'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': " was not materialized due to her unwillingness. Her first marriage, at age sixteen, was to Ardeshir Zahedi on 11 October 1957, at Golestan Palace in Tehran. He was one-time Iranian foreign minister and twice Iranian ambassador to the United States (1957–64 and 1972–79).{{cite news|title=Iran Shah's daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremony|url=https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=ZcdGAAAAIBAJ&sjid=8vMMAAAAIBAJ&pg=1761,3998465&dq=marble+palace+tehran&hl=en|access-date=23 July 2013|newspaper=Lewiston Evening Journal Shahnaz later married Khosrow Jahanbani in February 1971 at the Iranian Embassy, Paris.{{cite web|title=Centers of Power in Iran During her father's reign, Shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of Honda bicycles and motorcycles.</s><s>Later years. Since the Iranian Revolution has lived in Switzerland. She has Swiss citizenship. In December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was granted Egyptian citizenship by the"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': "<s>Shahnaz Pahlavi (, born 27 October 1940) is the first child of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and his first wife, Princess Fawzia of Egypt.</s><s>Early life and education. Shahnaz Pahlavi was born in Tehran on 27 October 1940.{{cite news|title=تابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایران|url=https://www.bbc.com/persian/iran/2013/12/131210_u08_egypt_shahnaz|access-date=7 August 2021|work=BBC|date=11 December 2013 Shahnaz Pahlavi was educated in a Belgian boarding school, the Lycée Léonie de Waha, in Liège and then in Switzerland.</s><s>Personal life. Her father had plans for Shahnaz's marriage with King Faisal of Iraq which"}, {'title': 'Shahnaz Pahlavi', 'text': ' Egyptian government.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</snment.</s><s>Honours. - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of Aryamehr - Pahlavi Iran: Grand Cross of the Order of the Pleiades, 1st class - Pahlavi Iran: 25th Anniversary medal - Pahlavi Iran: 2,500 year celebration of the Persian Empire</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: ardeshir zahedi served as irans foreign minister, clean Passages: [' was not materialized due to her unwillingness her first marriage at age sixteen was to ardeshir zahedi on 11 october 1957 at golestan palace in tehran he was onetime iranian foreign minister and twice iranian ambassador to the united states 1957–64 and 1972–79cite newstitleiran shahs daughter to wed engineer in simple ceremonyurlhttpsnewsgooglecomnewspapersidzcdgaaaaibajsjid8vmmaaaaibajpg17613998465dqmarblepalacetehranhlenaccessdate23 july 2013newspaperlewiston evening journal shahnaz later married khosrow jahanbani in february 1971 at the iranian embassy pariscite webtitlecenters of power in iran during her fathers reign shahnaz had investments in agricultural enterprises and assembly plants of honda bicycles and motorcycleslater years since the iranian revolution has lived in switzerland she has swiss citizenship in december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was granted egyptian citizenship by the', 'shahnaz pahlavi  born 27 october 1940 is the first child of the shah of iran mohammad reza pahlavi and his first wife princess fawzia of egyptearly life and education shahnaz pahlavi was born in tehran on 27 october 1940cite newstitleتابعیت مصری برای شهناز پهلوی، نخستین فرزند شاه سابق ایرانurlhttpswwwbbccompersianiran201312131210u08egyptshahnazaccessdate7 august 2021workbbcdate11 december 2013 shahnaz pahlavi was educated in a belgian boarding school the lycée léonie de waha in liège and then in switzerlandpersonal life her father had plans for shahnazs marriage with king faisal of iraq which', ' egyptian governmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empiresnmenthonours  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of aryamehr  pahlavi iran grand cross of the order of the pleiades 1st class  pahlavi iran 25th anniversary medal  pahlavi iran 2500 year celebration of the persian empire']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Rennie Fritchie is a Baroness., Passages: [{'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': '<s>Irene Tordoff Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie, DBE (née Fennell; born 29 April 1942 in Fife, Scotland), known as Rennie Fritchie, is a British crossbench peer.</s><s>Life/career. Irene Tordoff Fennell, daughter of Mr and Mrs Charles Frederick Fennell, was educated at Ribston Hall Grammar School for Girls in Gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development. Now described as a "portfolio" worker, she has held various positions including Commissioner for Public Appointments from 1999 to 2005, and President of the Pennell Initiative for Women\'s Health in Later Life. In the 1970s, she was one of the first full-time women\'s training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new Equal Opportunities Commission. Using a German Marshall Fellowship awarded in 1985, she drew lessons from the United States of America for the United Kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women. She has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio. She became Chairman of Nominet in 2010.</s><s>Affili'}, {'title': 'Rennie Fritchie, Baroness Fritchie', 'text': 'ations. She holds a number of positions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</stions outside government. She holds an honorary Professorship in Creative Leadership at York University and is Pro-Chancellor at Southampton University, a Civil Service Commissioner and Vice-Chair of the Stroud and Swindon Building Society. Active in a number of charities, Fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions. Fritchie is Chair of the 2gether NHS Foundation Trust in Gloucestershire, and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the University of Gloucestershire.</s><s>Family. In 1960 she married Don Jamie Fritchie with whom she had two children, the elder dying in 1991. She was widowed in 1992.</s><s>Honours. Fritchie became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 New Year Honours. On 31 May 2005 she was made a life peer as Baroness Fritchie, of Gloucester in the County of Gloucestershire, and she sits as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: rennie fritchie is a baroness, clean Passages: ['irene tordoff fritchie baroness fritchie dbe née fennell born 29 april 1942 in fife scotland known as rennie fritchie is a british crossbench peerlifecareer irene tordoff fennell daughter of mr and mrs charles frederick fennell was educated at ribston hall grammar school for girls in gloucester and has had a long career specialising in training and development now described as a portfolio worker she has held various positions including commissioner for public appointments from 1999 to 2005 and president of the pennell initiative for womens health in later life in the 1970s she was one of the first fulltime womens training advisers and pioneered the training of staff in the then new equal opportunities commission using a german marshall fellowship awarded in 1985 she drew lessons from the united states of america for the united kingdom for programmes to improve the status of women she has published extensively on these topics and contributes regularly on them to programmes on television and radio she became chairman of nominet in 2010affili', 'ations she holds a number of positions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lordsstions outside government she holds an honorary professorship in creative leadership at york university and is prochancellor at southampton university a civil service commissioner and vicechair of the stroud and swindon building society active in a number of charities fritchie has been awarded honorary degrees by a number of academic institutions fritchie is chair of the 2gether nhs foundation trust in gloucestershire and in 2012 was appointed as the new chancellor of the university of gloucestershirefamily in 1960 she married don jamie fritchie with whom she had two children the elder dying in 1991 she was widowed in 1992honours fritchie became a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 1996 new year honours on 31 may 2005 she was made a life peer as baroness fritchie of gloucester in the county of gloucestershire and she sits as a crossbencher in the house of lords']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in numerous films., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in numerous films, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Just Cause is a film., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: just cause is a film, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Don Featherstone was born in 1936., Passages: [{'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': "<s>Donald Featherstone (January 25, 1936 – June 22, 2015) was an American artist most widely known for his 1957 creation of the plastic pink flamingo while working for Union Products. Featherstone resided in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, where he kept 57 plastic flamingos on his back lawn. Featherstone and his wife Nancy dressed alike for over 35 years.</s><s>Biography. Featherstone was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1936 and grew up in nearby Berlin. After graduating from the Worcester Art Museum's art school, in 1957, he was offered a job designing three-dimensional animals for Union Products, Inc. Over his years at Union Products, Featherstone sculpted over 750 different items, the first two of which were a girl with a water can and a boy with a dog. When Featherstone was asked in 1957 to sculpt a duck, he purchased one, which he named Charlie, and later released the bird in Coggshall Park. Later that year, he was asked to carve a flamingo. The now iconic pink flamingo went on sale in 1958, when the color pink was popular. In 1996, Featherstone was awarded the 1996 Ig Nobel Art Prize for his creation of the pink flamingo, and he also"}, {'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': ' began his tenure as president of Union Products, which he held until he retired in 2000. On June 22, 2015, Featherstone died from Lewy body dementia at the age of 79. Visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his grave.</s><s>Pink flamingo. Featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from National Geographic, as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models. As time went on, the plastic flamingo became more popular. They appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits. In 1987, Donald Featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold. This was apparently to help distinguish between original and "knock-off" pink plastic flamingos. Featherstone\'s signature stayed on the bird until 2001, when it was removed. The signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds. In November 2006, Union Products closed and production of the flamingo stopped. Shortly thereafter, a New York company purchased the molds for Featherstone\'s flamingos and subcontracted production to a Fitchburg company, Cado Products. In 2010, Cado Products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them. Theident of Union Products, which he held until he retired in 2000. On June 22, 2015, Featherstone died from Lewy body dementia at the age of 79. Visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his grave.</s><s>Pink flamingo. Featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from National Geographic, as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models. As time went on, the plastic flamingo became more popular. They appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits. In 1987, Donald Featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold. This was apparently to help distinguish between original and "knock-off" pink plastic flamingos. Featherstone\'s signature stayed on the bird until 2001, when it was removed. The signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds. In November 2006, Union Products closed and production of the flamingo stopped. Shortly thereafter, a New York company purchased the molds for Featherstone\'s flamingos and subcontracted production to a Fitchburg company, Cado Products. In 2010, Cado Products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them. They'}, {'title': 'Don Featherstone (artist)', 'text': ' are generally sold in sets of two—one holding its head erect, nearly high, the other bending over as if looking for food.</sts of two—one holding its head erect, nearly high, the other bending over as if looking for food.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: don featherstone was born in 1936, clean Passages: ['donald featherstone january 25 1936 – june 22 2015 was an american artist most widely known for his 1957 creation of the plastic pink flamingo while working for union products featherstone resided in fitchburg massachusetts where he kept 57 plastic flamingos on his back lawn featherstone and his wife nancy dressed alike for over 35 yearsbiography featherstone was born in worcester massachusetts in 1936 and grew up in nearby berlin after graduating from the worcester art museums art school in 1957 he was offered a job designing threedimensional animals for union products inc over his years at union products featherstone sculpted over 750 different items the first two of which were a girl with a water can and a boy with a dog when featherstone was asked in 1957 to sculpt a duck he purchased one which he named charlie and later released the bird in coggshall park later that year he was asked to carve a flamingo the now iconic pink flamingo went on sale in 1958 when the color pink was popular in 1996 featherstone was awarded the 1996 ig nobel art prize for his creation of the pink flamingo and he also', ' began his tenure as president of union products which he held until he retired in 2000 on june 22 2015 featherstone died from lewy body dementia at the age of 79 visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his gravepink flamingo featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from national geographic as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models as time went on the plastic flamingo became more popular they appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits in 1987 donald featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold this was apparently to help distinguish between original and knockoff pink plastic flamingos featherstones signature stayed on the bird until 2001 when it was removed the signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds in november 2006 union products closed and production of the flamingo stopped shortly thereafter a new york company purchased the molds for featherstones flamingos and subcontracted production to a fitchburg company cado products in 2010 cado products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them theident of union products which he held until he retired in 2000 on june 22 2015 featherstone died from lewy body dementia at the age of 79 visitors often leave pink flamingos of their own on the lawn around his gravepink flamingo featherstone based his creation on photographs of flamingos from national geographic as he was not able to obtain real flamingos to use as models as time went on the plastic flamingo became more popular they appeared across the country and even as parts of various art exhibits in 1987 donald featherstone inscribed his signature in the original plastic mold this was apparently to help distinguish between original and knockoff pink plastic flamingos featherstones signature stayed on the bird until 2001 when it was removed the signature was quickly replaced because of a small boycott of the unsigned birds in november 2006 union products closed and production of the flamingo stopped shortly thereafter a new york company purchased the molds for featherstones flamingos and subcontracted production to a fitchburg company cado products in 2010 cado products purchased the copyrights and plastic molds for the pink flamingos and continues to manufacture them they', ' are generally sold in sets of two—one holding its head erect nearly high the other bending over as if looking for foodsts of two—one holding its head erect nearly high the other bending over as if looking for food']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jonathan Haagensen was born in Rio de Janeiro., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jonathan haagensen was born in rio de janeiro, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He served in the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry., Passages: [{'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': "<s>Rob Furlong (born 11 November 1976) is a Canadian former military sniper who, from March 2002 until November 2009, held the world record for the longest confirmed sniper kill in combat, at. His record stood for over 7 years and was improved upon by Craig Harrison with a distance of using a L115A3 Long Range Rifle.</s><s>Early life. Born on Fogo Island, Newfoundland, on 11 November 1976. In his early life Furlong taught himself to fire a rifle ambidextrously.</s><s>Military career. Inspired by a VHS tape, Furlong decided to join the military in 1997. Furlong enlisted in the Canadian Army and served with the 3rd Battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry. Furlong was stationed in Bosnia in 1999 as a peace keeper. In March 2002, Furlong participated in Operation Anaconda in Afghanistan's Shah-i-Kot Valley. His sniper team included Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale (Team Commander), Master Corporal Tim McMeekin, Master Corporal Arron Perry, and Corporal Dennis Eason. A group of three Al-Qaeda fighters was moving into a mountainside position when Furlong took aim with his long"}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': "-range sniper weapon (LRSW), a.50-calibre McMillan Brothers Tac-50 rifle, loaded with Hornady A-MAX 750 gr very-low-drag bullets. He began firing at a fighter carrying an RPK machine gun. Furlong's first shot missed and his second shot hit the knapsack on the target's back. The third struck the target's torso, killing him. The distance was measured as. With a muzzle speed of, each shot reached the target almost three seconds after Furlong fired. This became the longest sniper kill in history at the time, surpassing the previous record set by his teammate, Master Corporal Arron Perry, by. This feat is not typical for the effective range with a high first-hit probability of the employed rifle on non-static targets (see maximum effective range). The shot was aided by the ambient air density in the Shah-i-Kot Valley where Furlong operated, which is significantly lower than at sea level due to its mean elevation. In December 2003, PPCLI snipers Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale, Master Corporal Tim McMeekin, Corporal Dennis Eason, Corporal and Master Corporal Ar"}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': 'ron Perry were awarded the Bronze Star Medal by the United States Army for their actions in combat during Operation Anaconda from 2–11 March 2002. Furlong held the record of longest kill shot recorded in history until November 2009, when his record of was beaten by Corporal of Horse Craig Harrison, of the Blues and Royals, part of the Household Cavalry of the British Army, who set a new record by shooting two Taliban fighters at, using a.338 Lapua L115A3 Long Range Rifle.</s><s>Later career. After leaving the Canadian Army, Furlong moved to Edmonton, Alberta and joined the Edmonton Police Service in 2004, although he had considered joining Joint Task Force 2. In 2012, Furlong was dismissed from the police for discreditable conduct, after an episode in which he physically abused and urinated on a fellow police officer., he operates a marksmanship academy, called s Marksmanship Academy, based in Alberta.</s><s>See also. - Longest recorded sniper kills</s><s>See also. - List of books, articles and documentaries about snipers</s><s>Further reading. - McMillan Tac-50 article including a photo of the actual rifle Furlong used. - Mention in Dispatch (broken'}, {'title': 'Rob Furlong', 'text': " link as of 03/03/2012) - 'We were abandoned': Story of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Snipers</s 03/03/2012) - 'We were abandoned': Story of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry Snipers</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he served in the princess patricias canadian light infantry, clean Passages: ['rob furlong born 11 november 1976 is a canadian former military sniper who from march 2002 until november 2009 held the world record for the longest confirmed sniper kill in combat at his record stood for over 7 years and was improved upon by craig harrison with a distance of using a l115a3 long range rifleearly life born on fogo island newfoundland on 11 november 1976 in his early life furlong taught himself to fire a rifle ambidextrouslymilitary career inspired by a vhs tape furlong decided to join the military in 1997 furlong enlisted in the canadian army and served with the 3rd battalion princess patricias canadian light infantry furlong was stationed in bosnia in 1999 as a peace keeper in march 2002 furlong participated in operation anaconda in afghanistans shahikot valley his sniper team included master corporal graham ragsdale team commander master corporal tim mcmeekin master corporal arron perry and corporal dennis eason a group of three alqaeda fighters was moving into a mountainside position when furlong took aim with his long', 'range sniper weapon lrsw a50calibre mcmillan brothers tac50 rifle loaded with hornady amax 750 gr verylowdrag bullets he began firing at a fighter carrying an rpk machine gun furlongs first shot missed and his second shot hit the knapsack on the targets back the third struck the targets torso killing him the distance was measured as with a muzzle speed of each shot reached the target almost three seconds after furlong fired this became the longest sniper kill in history at the time surpassing the previous record set by his teammate master corporal arron perry by this feat is not typical for the effective range with a high firsthit probability of the employed rifle on nonstatic targets see maximum effective range the shot was aided by the ambient air density in the shahikot valley where furlong operated which is significantly lower than at sea level due to its mean elevation in december 2003 ppcli snipers master corporal graham ragsdale master corporal tim mcmeekin corporal dennis eason corporal and master corporal ar', 'ron perry were awarded the bronze star medal by the united states army for their actions in combat during operation anaconda from 2–11 march 2002 furlong held the record of longest kill shot recorded in history until november 2009 when his record of was beaten by corporal of horse craig harrison of the blues and royals part of the household cavalry of the british army who set a new record by shooting two taliban fighters at using a338 lapua l115a3 long range riflelater career after leaving the canadian army furlong moved to edmonton alberta and joined the edmonton police service in 2004 although he had considered joining joint task force 2 in 2012 furlong was dismissed from the police for discreditable conduct after an episode in which he physically abused and urinated on a fellow police officer he operates a marksmanship academy called s marksmanship academy based in albertasee also  longest recorded sniper killssee also  list of books articles and documentaries about snipersfurther reading  mcmillan tac50 article including a photo of the actual rifle furlong used  mention in dispatch broken', ' link as of 03032012  we were abandoned story of the princess patricias canadian light infantry sniperss 03032012  we were abandoned story of the princess patricias canadian light infantry snipers']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Haagensen later transitioned to television., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: haagensen later transitioned to television, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: A Bronx Tale is a film., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: a bronx tale is a film, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: "Kill Me, Heal Me." is popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: kill me heal me is popular, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She was born on July 18, 1987., Passages: [{'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': '<s>Jessica Cristina Barboza Schmidt (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 14 August 1987) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 and Miss International Venezuela 2010.</s><s>Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela. Barboza won in 2009 the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela title in a pageant held in Margarita Island, Venezuela on June 12, 2009. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, María Daniela Torrealba, Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2008. She also competed in Miss Earth Venezuela 2006 but didn\'t place.</s><s>Miss Earth. As the official representative of her country to the 2009 Miss Earth pageant held in Boracay, Philippines, on November 22, 2009, Barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runner-up.</s><s>Miss Venezuela. Barboza competed in 2010 as Miss Distrito Capital in her country\'s national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of "Miss International Venezuela" on October 28, 2010.</s><s>Miss International. She represented Venezuela in the 2011 Miss International pageant in Chengdu, China in November 6, 2011. During the Miss International 2011 final, Jessica Bar'}, {'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': 'boza was announced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</sced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she was born on july 18 1987, clean Passages: ['jessica cristina barboza schmidt born in maracaibo venezuela on 14 august 1987 is a venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of miss earth venezuela 2009 and miss international venezuela 2010sambil model  miss earth venezuela barboza won in 2009 the sambil model  miss earth venezuela title in a pageant held in margarita island venezuela on june 12 2009 she was crowned by the outgoing titleholder maría daniela torrealba sambil model  miss earth venezuela 2008 she also competed in miss earth venezuela 2006 but didnt placemiss earth as the official representative of her country to the 2009 miss earth pageant held in boracay philippines on november 22 2009 barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runnerupmiss venezuela barboza competed in 2010 as miss distrito capital in her countrys national beauty pageant miss venezuela obtaining the title of miss international venezuela on october 28 2010miss international she represented venezuela in the 2011 miss international pageant in chengdu china in november 6 2011 during the miss international 2011 final jessica bar', 'boza was announced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloésced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloé']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Florencia Bertotti is an Argentinian., Passages: [{'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': '<s>María Florencia Bertotti (born 15 March 1983), better known as Florencia Bertotti is an Argentine actress, singer, songwriter and businesswoman.</s><s>Biography. Florencia Bertotti parents are Gustavo Bertotti, a jeweler and María Candelaria Pérez Colman, a psychologist and a teacher of children with disabilities. Her parents divorced when Florencia was seven years old. She has an older sister called Clara Bertotti. Her father passed away in 1999 when she was filming the series "Verano del \'98". Florencia studied at the Colegio Nuestra Señora de la Misericordia in Recoleta, Buenos Aires, Argentina.</s><s>Personal life. On 2 December 2006 she got married in a religious ceremony with Guido Kaczka, whom she met in the recordings of "Verano del \'98" and who was her boyfriend since then. On 10 July 2008, she gave birth to the couple\'s first child, a boy, whom they called Romeo Kaczka Bertottia.The couple divorced in March 2010. They both share custody of their son. Since 2010, Florencia Bertotti'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' 2016 returns to television starring in the series "Silencios de familia" with Adrián Suar and Julieta Díaz. In 2017, she acted in the movie "Casi leyendas". In 2017, she composed the musical curtain for the series "Las Estrellas" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Daniela Herrero. In 2017, she composed the musical curtain for the series "Simona" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Ángela Torres. In 2018, she directed the choreography for the opening of "Bailando 2018" with the cast of the series "Simona". In 2019, she was part of the play "100 metros cuadrados" with María Valenzuela and Stéfano de Gregorio directed by Manuel González Gil.</s><s>Other Work. On 6 May 2013, Florencia Bertotti opened her own clothing store for children, babies and mothers, which she called "Pancha Buenos Aires by Florencia Bertotti". On 15 March 2021, Florencia Bertotti launched a new space, which she called "Pancha Recreo", this section contains reclaimed wood games, without batteries,'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' is in a relationship with the actor, Federico Amador.</s><s>Career. María began her career in television with an advertising of jams Arcor in 1995. After several television advertisements, in 1995, she makes a small participation in the television series "Dulce Ana". In 1996, she makes a small participation in the television series "90 60 90 modelos". From 1996 to 1998, she was part of the cast of the television series "De corazón". In 1998, she made her film debut, with a film of the students of the University of Cinema, "Mala época". In 1998, she play the leading role of little Aneta in the movie "El Faro". From 1999 to 2000, she was part of the cast of the youth television series "Verano del \'98". From 2000 to 2001, she was part of the cast of the television series "Luna salvaje". In 2001, she was part of the cast of the television series "Culpables". In 2001, she acted in the movie "Déjala correr". From 2002 to 2003, she was part of the cast of the television series "Son amores". In 2004, she was part'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' of the cast of the television series "Los pensionados". From 2004 to 2005, she was the protagonist of the youth television series "Floricienta" with Juan Gil Navarro and Fabio Di Tomaso. In late 2008, it was announced that would return to television with a new telenovela targeted to children, which would be produced by her and her husband Guido Kaczka. From 2009 to 2010, she was the protagonist of the youth television series "Niní" with Federico Amador, this television series was produced and directed by her and her husband Guido Kaczka. In 2010 she returned to the cinema with "Igualita a mí" produced by Patagonik which she stars alongside Adrián Suar. In 2012, Florencia Bertotti played the co-starring role of Amparo Lacroix in the television series "La Dueña". In 2014, she was the protagonist of the television series "Guapas" with Mercedes Morán, Araceli González, Carla Peterson and Isabel Macedo. She composed the musical curtain for the series "Guapas" with Willie Lorenzo, which was interpreted by Fabiana Cantilo. In'}, {'title': 'Florencia Bertotti', 'text': ' without rules and without instructions to accompany the little ones in their different stages of development and growth. In this new section there is also a great variety of books for children of different ages, which were specially chosen and previously read by </s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Soundtrack albums. - 2004 — "Floricienta" - 2005 — "Floricienta" - 2007 — "Floricienta" - 2009 — "Niní"</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: florencia bertotti is an argentinian, clean Passages: ['maría florencia bertotti born 15 march 1983 better known as florencia bertotti is an argentine actress singer songwriter and businesswomanbiography florencia bertotti parents are gustavo bertotti a jeweler and maría candelaria pérez colman a psychologist and a teacher of children with disabilities her parents divorced when florencia was seven years old she has an older sister called clara bertotti her father passed away in 1999 when she was filming the series verano del 98 florencia studied at the colegio nuestra señora de la misericordia in recoleta buenos aires argentinapersonal life on 2 december 2006 she got married in a religious ceremony with guido kaczka whom she met in the recordings of verano del 98 and who was her boyfriend since then on 10 july 2008 she gave birth to the couples first child a boy whom they called romeo kaczka bertottiathe couple divorced in march 2010 they both share custody of their son since 2010 florencia bertotti', ' 2016 returns to television starring in the series silencios de familia with adrián suar and julieta díaz in 2017 she acted in the movie casi leyendas in 2017 she composed the musical curtain for the series las estrellas with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by daniela herrero in 2017 she composed the musical curtain for the series simona with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by ángela torres in 2018 she directed the choreography for the opening of bailando 2018 with the cast of the series simona in 2019 she was part of the play 100 metros cuadrados with maría valenzuela and stéfano de gregorio directed by manuel gonzález gilother work on 6 may 2013 florencia bertotti opened her own clothing store for children babies and mothers which she called pancha buenos aires by florencia bertotti on 15 march 2021 florencia bertotti launched a new space which she called pancha recreo this section contains reclaimed wood games without batteries', ' is in a relationship with the actor federico amadorcareer maría began her career in television with an advertising of jams arcor in 1995 after several television advertisements in 1995 she makes a small participation in the television series dulce ana in 1996 she makes a small participation in the television series 90 60 90 modelos from 1996 to 1998 she was part of the cast of the television series de corazón in 1998 she made her film debut with a film of the students of the university of cinema mala época in 1998 she play the leading role of little aneta in the movie el faro from 1999 to 2000 she was part of the cast of the youth television series verano del 98 from 2000 to 2001 she was part of the cast of the television series luna salvaje in 2001 she was part of the cast of the television series culpables in 2001 she acted in the movie déjala correr from 2002 to 2003 she was part of the cast of the television series son amores in 2004 she was part', ' of the cast of the television series los pensionados from 2004 to 2005 she was the protagonist of the youth television series floricienta with juan gil navarro and fabio di tomaso in late 2008 it was announced that would return to television with a new telenovela targeted to children which would be produced by her and her husband guido kaczka from 2009 to 2010 she was the protagonist of the youth television series niní with federico amador this television series was produced and directed by her and her husband guido kaczka in 2010 she returned to the cinema with igualita a mí produced by patagonik which she stars alongside adrián suar in 2012 florencia bertotti played the costarring role of amparo lacroix in the television series la dueña in 2014 she was the protagonist of the television series guapas with mercedes morán araceli gonzález carla peterson and isabel macedo she composed the musical curtain for the series guapas with willie lorenzo which was interpreted by fabiana cantilo in', ' without rules and without instructions to accompany the little ones in their different stages of development and growth in this new section there is also a great variety of books for children of different ages which were specially chosen and previously read by discographydiscographysoundtrack albums  2004 — floricienta  2005 — floricienta  2007 — floricienta  2009 — niní']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: "Familiar Wife." is popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: familiar wife is popular, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Katsu has written novels., Passages: [{'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '<s>Alma Katsu (born 1959) is an American writer of adult fiction. Her books have been translated into over a dozen languages, and has been published in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Spain and Italy. Katsu has also had a 29-year career in the US federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy, with an emphasis on technology issues. She previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the RAND Corporation.</s><s>Biography. Katsu was born in Fairbanks, Alaska, the daughter of an American-born father and a Japanese-born mother. She spent the majority of her youth living near Concord, Massachusetts, to which she attributes her interest in the early American history featured in her novels. She attended Brandeis University (BA in literature and writing, 1981) where she studied with novelist John Irving and children\'s book author Margaret Rey, and the Johns Hopkins University (MA in Fiction, 2004). She is also an alumna of the Squaw Valley writers workshops.</s><s>Career. Katsu\'s writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings. She published her first novel, "The Taker," in 2011 through Gallery Books. It received praise from outlets such'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': ' as "Booklist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Deviist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Devil'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '\'s Scribe", Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s, Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: katsu has written novels, clean Passages: ['alma katsu born 1959 is an american writer of adult fiction her books have been translated into over a dozen languages and has been published in the united kingdom brazil spain and italy katsu has also had a 29year career in the us federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy with an emphasis on technology issues she previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the rand corporationbiography katsu was born in fairbanks alaska the daughter of an americanborn father and a japaneseborn mother she spent the majority of her youth living near concord massachusetts to which she attributes her interest in the early american history featured in her novels she attended brandeis university ba in literature and writing 1981 where she studied with novelist john irving and childrens book author margaret rey and the johns hopkins university ma in fiction 2004 she is also an alumna of the squaw valley writers workshopscareer katsus writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings she published her first novel the taker in 2011 through gallery books it received praise from outlets such', ' as booklist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the deviist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the devil', 's scribe gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novels gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novel']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Mike Trivisonno is well-known., Passages: [{'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': " Cleveland's eastern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</sstern suburbs. He was married to his high school sweetheart Linda Conforto, who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009, at age 61. The couple have three children, two sons and a daughter, and two grandchildren. On April 1, 2011, Trivisonno married his girlfriend, Tami in Las Vegas. His brother, Gary, a golfer, was also a radio personality on WTAM, hosting a weekly golf show. His son, Michael Jr., owns an upscale restaurant called Trivs in suburban Strongsville, Ohio. He died unexpectedly on October 28, 2021, at the age of 74. The cause of death is unknown.</s>"}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': '<s>Mike Trivisonno (September 20, 1947 – October 28, 2021) was an American radio broadcaster, known for hosting his own self-titled afternoon talk show on Cleveland radio station WTAM AM 1100. He was widely referred to simply as "Triv" by callers and the Cleveland media.</s><s>Career. He was a frequent caller on the "Sportsline" radio show on WTAM AM 1100 (during this period the station was operating under the WWWE call letters). The show was hosted by the acerbic Pete Franklin and dealt with Cleveland sports. Franklin, who would typically cut off most callers, began giving "Mike from Mayfield" some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary, particularly regarding the Cleveland Browns. Franklin began mockingly referring to Trivisonno as "Mr. Know It All," a moniker he would carry into his own radio career. Trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987, working for a time at WNCX, commenting on sports (particularly boxing) and becoming a full-time personality from 1989–1992. He began hosting "Sportsline" on WWWE in 1994. At first, the show aired from 6-11 p.m. The show did well'}, {'title': 'Mike Trivisonno', 'text': ' in the ratings, even though it was usually up against Cleveland Indians games on WKNR. It did so well, the decision was made to put Trivisonno in afternoon drive-time (under the "Sportsline" banner until 1998; under his own name since) ultimately leaving "Sportsline" to other hosts. Throughout the program\'s history, "The Show" was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market. His show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports, but over time became a forum for discussing sports, politics, local issues, current events, or whatever else was on Trivisonno\'s mind at the time. He discussed topics (and frequently argued) with listeners who called in to the show and/or with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him. Trivisonno\'s popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among "Talkers Magazine\'s" "Heavy Hundred", including most recently in 2015, when he came in at #72. He was also a nominee for the Large Market Personality of the Year Marconi Award in 2010.</s><s>Personal life. Trivisonno was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, and attended Mayfield High School in'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: mike trivisonno is wellknown, clean Passages: [' clevelands eastern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknownsstern suburbs he was married to his high school sweetheart linda conforto who died of lung and brain cancer in 2009 at age 61 the couple have three children two sons and a daughter and two grandchildren on april 1 2011 trivisonno married his girlfriend tami in las vegas his brother gary a golfer was also a radio personality on wtam hosting a weekly golf show his son michael jr owns an upscale restaurant called trivs in suburban strongsville ohio he died unexpectedly on october 28 2021 at the age of 74 the cause of death is unknown', 'mike trivisonno september 20 1947 – october 28 2021 was an american radio broadcaster known for hosting his own selftitled afternoon talk show on cleveland radio station wtam am 1100 he was widely referred to simply as triv by callers and the cleveland mediacareer he was a frequent caller on the sportsline radio show on wtam am 1100 during this period the station was operating under the wwwe call letters the show was hosted by the acerbic pete franklin and dealt with cleveland sports franklin who would typically cut off most callers began giving mike from mayfield some latitude due to knowledgeable commentary particularly regarding the cleveland browns franklin began mockingly referring to trivisonno as mr know it all a moniker he would carry into his own radio career trivisonno eventually began his own broadcasting career in 1987 working for a time at wncx commenting on sports particularly boxing and becoming a fulltime personality from 1989–1992 he began hosting sportsline on wwwe in 1994 at first the show aired from 611 pm the show did well', ' in the ratings even though it was usually up against cleveland indians games on wknr it did so well the decision was made to put trivisonno in afternoon drivetime under the sportsline banner until 1998 under his own name since ultimately leaving sportsline to other hosts throughout the programs history the show was usually either first or second in ratings in its time slot in the market his show had been originally dedicated mostly to sports but over time became a forum for discussing sports politics local issues current events or whatever else was on trivisonnos mind at the time he discussed topics and frequently argued with listeners who called in to the show andor with his various producers and sidekicks that worked alongside him trivisonnos popularity and high ratings led him to be ranked numerous times among talkers magazines heavy hundred including most recently in 2015 when he came in at 72 he was also a nominee for the large market personality of the year marconi award in 2010personal life trivisonno was born in east cleveland ohio and attended mayfield high school in']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Just Cause was released in 1995., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: just cause was released in 1995, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He served as the Executive Director of the International Christian Embassy Jerusalem., Passages: [{'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': '<s>Malcolm Hedding (born 1952) is a South African anti-apartheid activist, theologian, evangelical minister, and Executive Director of the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem (ICEJ).</s><s>Biography. Hedding was born in 1952 into a British descent family that had settled in the Eastern Cape region. His father, Guy Usher Hedding, managed a gold mine. Hedding entered the ministry in the early 1970s as a member of the Assemblies of God of Southern Africa. As a young ordained minister with the South African Assemblies of God, Hedding confronted the apartheid system from the pulpit and was forced to flee his homeland. Between 1986 and 1989, Malcolm a pastor of the Jerusalem Christian Assembly. During this period, he also functioned as the Chaplain for the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem. As a Christian Zionist, Malcolm served from 1991 - 2000 as Chairman of "Christian Action for Israel," a biblical Zionist organization in South Africa. Malcolm Hedding has been involved with the work of the International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) since 1981 and has been executive director since 2000. On 27 May 2011, it was announced that he would be stepping down as executive director as of'}, {'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': ' 31 July 2011.</s><s>Views on Israel. Malcolm is currently a Christian Zionist leader based in Jerusalem who is challenging the branding of Israel with the "apartheid" label. Hedding believes the Israeli barrier fence has "nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with Israel\'s self-defense". He said that Israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians while granting political rights to its own Arab citizens within a liberal democratic system, but that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel\'s destruction. By contrast, he says, it was a tiny minority in South Africa that held power and once democracy came, the Nationalist Party that had dominated the masses disappeared. According to Hedding, "Evangelical support for Israel is founded not on a prophecy, but on a promise, [...] It is the promise God made to Abraham that the Jewish people would receive the land of Canaan for the sake of world redemption. The Jewish people became servants of the lord, to bring an understanding of revelation of God and his redemptive purpose to the world. Evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of Canaan, support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what we\'ve received." Hedding believes Israel proven its desire to reac/s><s>Views on Israel. Malcolm is currently a Christian Zionist leader based in Jerusalem who is challenging the branding of Israel with the "apartheid" label. Hedding believes the Israeli barrier fence has "nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with Israel\'s self-defense". He said that Israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians while granting political rights to its own Arab citizens within a liberal democratic system, but that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel\'s destruction. By contrast, he says, it was a tiny minority in South Africa that held power and once democracy came, the Nationalist Party that had dominated the masses disappeared. According to Hedding, "Evangelical support for Israel is founded not on a prophecy, but on a promise, [...] It is the promise God made to Abraham that the Jewish people would receive the land of Canaan for the sake of world redemption. The Jewish people became servants of the lord, to bring an understanding of revelation of God and his redemptive purpose to the world. Evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of Canaan, support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what we\'ve received." Hedding believes Israel proven its desire to reach'}, {'title': 'Malcolm Hedding', 'text': " a settlement with the Palestinians, while granting political rights to its Arab citizens within a democratic system. Nevertheless, he says that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel's destruction.</s><s>Books. - The Basis of Christian Support for Israel, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem-USA, 2005, - The Great Covenants of the Bible, - Hear our cry, Struik Christian Books, 1993, - For Zion's sake, Contact Publications, 1986, - Understanding Revelation, Intend Publishing, 2013,</s><s>References.</sith the Palestinians, while granting political rights to its Arab citizens within a democratic system. Nevertheless, he says that the Palestinians remain committed to Israel's destruction.</s><s>Books. - The Basis of Christian Support for Israel, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem-USA, 2005, - The Great Covenants of the Bible, - Hear our cry, Struik Christian Books, 1993, - For Zion's sake, Contact Publications, 1986, - Understanding Revelation, Intend Publishing, 2013,</s><s>References.</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he served as the executive director of the international christian embassy jerusalem, clean Passages: ['malcolm hedding born 1952 is a south african antiapartheid activist theologian evangelical minister and executive director of the international christian embassy in jerusalem icejbiography hedding was born in 1952 into a british descent family that had settled in the eastern cape region his father guy usher hedding managed a gold mine hedding entered the ministry in the early 1970s as a member of the assemblies of god of southern africa as a young ordained minister with the south african assemblies of god hedding confronted the apartheid system from the pulpit and was forced to flee his homeland between 1986 and 1989 malcolm a pastor of the jerusalem christian assembly during this period he also functioned as the chaplain for the international christian embassy in jerusalem as a christian zionist malcolm served from 1991  2000 as chairman of christian action for israel a biblical zionist organization in south africa malcolm hedding has been involved with the work of the international christian embassy jerusalem icej since 1981 and has been executive director since 2000 on 27 may 2011 it was announced that he would be stepping down as executive director as of', ' 31 july 2011views on israel malcolm is currently a christian zionist leader based in jerusalem who is challenging the branding of israel with the apartheid label hedding believes the israeli barrier fence has nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with israels selfdefense he said that israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the palestinians while granting political rights to its own arab citizens within a liberal democratic system but that the palestinians remain committed to israels destruction by contrast he says it was a tiny minority in south africa that held power and once democracy came the nationalist party that had dominated the masses disappeared according to hedding evangelical support for israel is founded not on a prophecy but on a promise  it is the promise god made to abraham that the jewish people would receive the land of canaan for the sake of world redemption the jewish people became servants of the lord to bring an understanding of revelation of god and his redemptive purpose to the world evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of canaan support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what weve received hedding believes israel proven its desire to reacsviews on israel malcolm is currently a christian zionist leader based in jerusalem who is challenging the branding of israel with the apartheid label hedding believes the israeli barrier fence has nothing to do with apartheid and everything to do with israels selfdefense he said that israel has proven its desire to reach an accommodation with the palestinians while granting political rights to its own arab citizens within a liberal democratic system but that the palestinians remain committed to israels destruction by contrast he says it was a tiny minority in south africa that held power and once democracy came the nationalist party that had dominated the masses disappeared according to hedding evangelical support for israel is founded not on a prophecy but on a promise  it is the promise god made to abraham that the jewish people would receive the land of canaan for the sake of world redemption the jewish people became servants of the lord to bring an understanding of revelation of god and his redemptive purpose to the world evangelicals defend their right to live in peace and security in land of canaan support that comes out of a sense of gratitude for what weve received hedding believes israel proven its desire to reach', ' a settlement with the palestinians while granting political rights to its arab citizens within a democratic system nevertheless he says that the palestinians remain committed to israels destructionbooks  the basis of christian support for israel international christian embassy jerusalemusa 2005  the great covenants of the bible  hear our cry struik christian books 1993  for zions sake contact publications 1986  understanding revelation intend publishing 2013referencessith the palestinians while granting political rights to its arab citizens within a democratic system nevertheless he says that the palestinians remain committed to israels destructionbooks  the basis of christian support for israel international christian embassy jerusalemusa 2005  the great covenants of the bible  hear our cry struik christian books 1993  for zions sake contact publications 1986  understanding revelation intend publishing 2013references']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Belly was released in 1998., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: belly was released in 1998, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in "Save the Last Dance for Me."., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '�약 종료 In January 2022, Ji-sung signed an exclusive contract with Surpass Entertainment.He starred in a mystery drama called "Adamas", which aired from July 27 to September 15, 2022. played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years ago.</s><s>Personal life. He met actress Lee Bo-young on the set of 2004 TV series "Save Last Dance for Me", and they confirmed their relationship in 2007. On 2 August 2013, the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites. They married at Aston House, W Seoul Walkerhill Hotel on 27 September 2013. Their first child, a daughter named Kwak Ji-yoo, was born on 13 June 2015. Their second child, a son named Kwak Woo-sung, was born on 5 February 2019.</s>'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' met screenwriter Song Ji-na. Song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him, leading to his acting debut. Upon the suggestion of his then-manager, he began using the stage name Chae Ji-sung, then decided to drop the surname "Chae," and became known simply as " After several minor roles, he began playing bigger parts, notably in the television dramas "Wonderful Days" (2001) and "Sunshine Hunting" 2002), as well as the North-South romantic comedy film "Whistling Princess" (2002).</s><s>Career.:2003–2004: Breakthrough. Ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama "All In". Producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor Lee Byung-hun. Ji Sung approached director Yoo Chul-yong, saying he wanted the role. "All In" was a big hit, and Ji Sung\'s popularity rose and became known as a Hallyu star. Wanting to challenge himself, he next appeared in his first period drama "The King\'s Woman", playing Gwanghaegun of Joseon. In "Save the Last Dance for Me'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in save the last dance for me, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', '�약 종료 in january 2022 jisung signed an exclusive contract with surpass entertainmenthe starred in a mystery drama called adamas which aired from july 27 to september 15 2022 played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years agopersonal life he met actress lee boyoung on the set of 2004 tv series save last dance for me and they confirmed their relationship in 2007 on 2 august 2013 the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites they married at aston house w seoul walkerhill hotel on 27 september 2013 their first child a daughter named kwak jiyoo was born on 13 june 2015 their second child a son named kwak woosung was born on 5 february 2019', ' met screenwriter song jina song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him leading to his acting debut upon the suggestion of his thenmanager he began using the stage name chae jisung then decided to drop the surname chae and became known simply as  after several minor roles he began playing bigger parts notably in the television dramas wonderful days 2001 and sunshine hunting 2002 as well as the northsouth romantic comedy film whistling princess 2002career2003–2004 breakthrough ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama all in producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor lee byunghun ji sung approached director yoo chulyong saying he wanted the role all in was a big hit and ji sungs popularity rose and became known as a hallyu star wanting to challenge himself he next appeared in his first period drama the kings woman playing gwanghaegun of joseon in save the last dance for me', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: The Deep is a novel by Katsu., Passages: [{'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '<s>Alma Katsu (born 1959) is an American writer of adult fiction. Her books have been translated into over a dozen languages, and has been published in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Spain and Italy. Katsu has also had a 29-year career in the US federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy, with an emphasis on technology issues. She previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the RAND Corporation.</s><s>Biography. Katsu was born in Fairbanks, Alaska, the daughter of an American-born father and a Japanese-born mother. She spent the majority of her youth living near Concord, Massachusetts, to which she attributes her interest in the early American history featured in her novels. She attended Brandeis University (BA in literature and writing, 1981) where she studied with novelist John Irving and children\'s book author Margaret Rey, and the Johns Hopkins University (MA in Fiction, 2004). She is also an alumna of the Squaw Valley writers workshops.</s><s>Career. Katsu\'s writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings. She published her first novel, "The Taker," in 2011 through Gallery Books. It received praise from outlets such'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '\'s Scribe", Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s, Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s>'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': ' as "Booklist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Deviist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Devil'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: the deep is a novel by katsu, clean Passages: ['alma katsu born 1959 is an american writer of adult fiction her books have been translated into over a dozen languages and has been published in the united kingdom brazil spain and italy katsu has also had a 29year career in the us federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy with an emphasis on technology issues she previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the rand corporationbiography katsu was born in fairbanks alaska the daughter of an americanborn father and a japaneseborn mother she spent the majority of her youth living near concord massachusetts to which she attributes her interest in the early american history featured in her novels she attended brandeis university ba in literature and writing 1981 where she studied with novelist john irving and childrens book author margaret rey and the johns hopkins university ma in fiction 2004 she is also an alumna of the squaw valley writers workshopscareer katsus writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings she published her first novel the taker in 2011 through gallery books it received praise from outlets such', 's scribe gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novels gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novel', ' as booklist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the deviist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the devil']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jean Daullé died in 1763., Passages: [{'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo.'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': " after Van Dyck. A detailed account of this artist's works is contained in Delignière's 'Catalogue raisonné de l'oeuvre gravé de d' Abbeville,' 1872, 8vo.</s><s>References. - - Attribution:</s>"}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': '<s>Jean Daullé (18 May 1703 – 23 April 1763) was a French engraver.</s><s>Biography. He was the son of Jean Daullé, a silversmith, and his wife, Anne née Dennel. At the age of fourteen, he received training from an engraver named Robart, at the priory of Saint-Pierre d\'Abbeville. He then went to Paris, and worked at the studios of Robert Hecquet (1693-1775), who was also originally from Picardy. In 1735, his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant, Pierre-Jean Mariette, who provided him with professional recommendations. Soon after, he was approached by the painter, Hyacinthe Rigaud, who wanted to make him his official engraver. In 1742, Daullé was received at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, with his presentation, "Hyacinthe Rigaud Painting his Wife", after a work by Rigaud. He was also admitted as a member of the academy in Augsbourg. Eventually named "Engraver to the King",'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' - "Claude Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid"Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid";'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jean daullé died in 1763, clean Passages: [' he trained the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo', ' after van dyck a detailed account of this artists works is contained in delignières catalogue raisonné de loeuvre gravé de d abbeville 1872 8voreferences   attribution', 'jean daullé 18 may 1703 – 23 april 1763 was a french engraverbiography he was the son of jean daullé a silversmith and his wife anne née dennel at the age of fourteen he received training from an engraver named robart at the priory of saintpierre dabbeville he then went to paris and worked at the studios of robert hecquet 16931775 who was also originally from picardy in 1735 his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant pierrejean mariette who provided him with professional recommendations soon after he was approached by the painter hyacinthe rigaud who wanted to make him his official engraver in 1742 daullé was received at the académie royale de peinture et de sculpture with his presentation hyacinthe rigaud painting his wife after a work by rigaud he was also admitted as a member of the academy in augsbourg eventually named engraver to the king', '  claude deshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupiddeshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupid']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She was born on April 2, 1973., Passages: [{'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': '<s>Roselyn Milagros Sánchez Rodríguez (born April 2, 1973) is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, dancer, model, actress, producer, and writer. On television, she is best known for her roles as Elena Delgado on the CBS police procedural "Without a Trace" (2005–09), as Carmen Luna on the Lifetime comedy-drama "Devious Maids" (2013–16), and as Elena Roarke on the new Fantasy Island (2021–present). In film, Sánchez has appeared in "Rush Hour 2" (2001), "Boat Trip" (2002), "The Game Plan" (2007), and "Act of Valor" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Sánchez was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and is the youngest of four siblings, having three older brothers. She received her primary education in San Juan. At a young age, she showed an interest in both dancing and acting and would put on shows for her family. Sánchez enrolled in the University of Puerto Rico, where like her father and brothers she was to study marketing. However, after three years she left the course.'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' starred in "The Perfect Sleep", a neo-noir drama, co-starring Patrick Bauchau, Tony Amendola, Isaac Singleton, and Peter Lucas. In 2011, Sánchez made a guest appearance on TNT\'s "Rizzoli & Isles", playing villainous attorney Valerie Delgado. In 2012, Sánchez was cast opposite Ana Ortiz of ABC comedy-drama pilot "Devious Maids", created by Marc Cherry. On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule. However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order. The series premiered June 23, 2013 on Lifetime.</s><s>Personal life. From August 9, 1998, to April 15, 2001, Sanchez was married to English actor, former boxer, and former model Gary Stretch. After her divorce, she started a relationship with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. In December 2005, she announced that she had ended their relationship. Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. They have two children together: a daughter, Sebele Perfect Sleep", a neo-noir drama, co-starring Patrick Bauchau, Tony Amendola, Isaac Singleton, and Peter Lucas. In 2011, Sánchez made a guest appearance on TNT\'s "Rizzoli & Isles", playing villainous attorney Valerie Delgado. In 2012, Sánchez was cast opposite Ana Ortiz of ABC comedy-drama pilot "Devious Maids", created by Marc Cherry. On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule. However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order. The series premiered June 23, 2013 on Lifetime.</s><s>Personal life. From August 9, 1998, to April 15, 2001, Sanchez was married to English actor, former boxer, and former model Gary Stretch. After her divorce, she started a relationship with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. In December 2005, she announced that she had ended their relationship. Sanchez became engaged to actor Eric Winter in December 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 November 2008, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. They have two children together: a daughter, Sebell'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' In 1991, at the age of eighteen, Sánchez moved to New York City, where she took classes in dancing, acting and singing. She returned to Puerto Rico and, in 1992, she made her movie debut, having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie "Captain Ron", which was partly filmed in Puerto Rico.</s><s>Career. In Puerto Rico, Sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as co-host of a variety show called "Qué Vacilón". At that time, in 1993, Sánchez won the Miss Puerto Rico Petite contest and, in 1994, she won the international title of Miss American Petite, bringing her international fame. Sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including "Maxim Magazine"s "Hot 100" in 2001, 2002 and 2006; AskMen.com\'s "Top 99 Most Desirable Women" in 2005 and 2006; and "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" in 2005 and 2006. In 2001, Sánchez was cast as Isabella Molina, an undercover United States Secret Service agent who was Jackie Chan\'s love interest in the hit movie "Rush Hour 2". In 2003, she playee age of eighteen, Sánchez moved to New York City, where she took classes in dancing, acting and singing. She returned to Puerto Rico and, in 1992, she made her movie debut, having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie "Captain Ron", which was partly filmed in Puerto Rico.</s><s>Career. In Puerto Rico, Sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as co-host of a variety show called "Qué Vacilón". At that time, in 1993, Sánchez won the Miss Puerto Rico Petite contest and, in 1994, she won the international title of Miss American Petite, bringing her international fame. Sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including "Maxim Magazine"s "Hot 100" in 2001, 2002 and 2006; AskMen.com\'s "Top 99 Most Desirable Women" in 2005 and 2006; and "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" in 2005 and 2006. In 2001, Sánchez was cast as Isabella Molina, an undercover United States Secret Service agent who was Jackie Chan\'s love interest in the hit movie "Rush Hour 2". In 2003, she played'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': ' the role of Lorena in the movie "Chasing Papi", starring alongside Jaci Velasquez and Sofia Vergara. Sánchez has acted in some 20 movies, including as Maria in "Edison" and as Karen Lopez in "Underclassman". She starred in the Puerto Rican film "Cayo", released in 2005. In 2003, her first musical recording, "Borinqueña", was released. The album\'s first single, "Amor Amor", gained a lot of attention as well as a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Music Video. She appeared in Craig David\'s music videos "Hidden Agenda" and "Personal", and in the Fabolous video for the song "Make Me Better". In the fall of 2005, Sánchez joined the cast of the CBS television series "Without a Trace", where she played Agent Elena Delgado to 2009. She composed the musical "Yellow", about a singer/dancer/actress who leaves Puerto Rico to hit the big time in New York, in which she played the principal part. The movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007. Also in 2007, she acted as Monique, the ballet teacher, in "The Game Plan", and in 2009rena in the movie "Chasing Papi", starring alongside Jaci Velasquez and Sofia Vergara. Sánchez has acted in some 20 movies, including as Maria in "Edison" and as Karen Lopez in "Underclassman". She starred in the Puerto Rican film "Cayo", released in 2005. In 2003, her first musical recording, "Borinqueña", was released. The album\'s first single, "Amor Amor", gained a lot of attention as well as a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Music Video. She appeared in Craig David\'s music videos "Hidden Agenda" and "Personal", and in the Fabolous video for the song "Make Me Better". In the fall of 2005, Sánchez joined the cast of the CBS television series "Without a Trace", where she played Agent Elena Delgado to 2009. She composed the musical "Yellow", about a singer/dancer/actress who leaves Puerto Rico to hit the big time in New York, in which she played the principal part. The movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007. Also in 2007, she acted as Monique, the ballet teacher, in "The Game Plan", and in 2009,'}, {'title': 'Roselyn Sánchez', 'text': 'a (born January 2012), and a son, Dylan (born November 2017). Sánchez is the spokesperson of the Fundación de Niños San Jorge, which assists sick children from poor families.</s><s>Discography. - 2003: "Borinqueña"</s><s>See also. - List of Puerto Ricans</s 2012), and a son, Dylan (born November 2017). Sánchez is the spokesperson of the Fundación de Niños San Jorge, which assists sick children from poor families.</s><s>Discography. - 2003: "Borinqueña"</s><s>See also. - List of Puerto Ricans</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she was born on april 2 1973, clean Passages: ['roselyn milagros sánchez rodríguez born april 2 1973 is a puerto rican singersongwriter dancer model actress producer and writer on television she is best known for her roles as elena delgado on the cbs police procedural without a trace 2005–09 as carmen luna on the lifetime comedydrama devious maids 2013–16 and as elena roarke on the new fantasy island 2021–present in film sánchez has appeared in rush hour 2 2001 boat trip 2002 the game plan 2007 and act of valor 2012early life sánchez was born in san juan puerto rico and is the youngest of four siblings having three older brothers she received her primary education in san juan at a young age she showed an interest in both dancing and acting and would put on shows for her family sánchez enrolled in the university of puerto rico where like her father and brothers she was to study marketing however after three years she left the course', ' starred in the perfect sleep a neonoir drama costarring patrick bauchau tony amendola isaac singleton and peter lucas in 2011 sánchez made a guest appearance on tnts rizzoli  isles playing villainous attorney valerie delgado in 2012 sánchez was cast opposite ana ortiz of abc comedydrama pilot devious maids created by marc cherry on may 14 2012 the pilot was not picked to series by abc for the 2012–13 united states network schedule however on june 22 2012 lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteenepisode order the series premiered june 23 2013 on lifetimepersonal life from august 9 1998 to april 15 2001 sanchez was married to english actor former boxer and former model gary stretch after her divorce she started a relationship with puerto rican salsa singer víctor manuelle in december 2005 she announced that she had ended their relationship sanchez became engaged to actor eric winter in december 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 november 2008 in san juan puerto rico they have two children together a daughter sebele perfect sleep a neonoir drama costarring patrick bauchau tony amendola isaac singleton and peter lucas in 2011 sánchez made a guest appearance on tnts rizzoli  isles playing villainous attorney valerie delgado in 2012 sánchez was cast opposite ana ortiz of abc comedydrama pilot devious maids created by marc cherry on may 14 2012 the pilot was not picked to series by abc for the 2012–13 united states network schedule however on june 22 2012 lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteenepisode order the series premiered june 23 2013 on lifetimepersonal life from august 9 1998 to april 15 2001 sanchez was married to english actor former boxer and former model gary stretch after her divorce she started a relationship with puerto rican salsa singer víctor manuelle in december 2005 she announced that she had ended their relationship sanchez became engaged to actor eric winter in december 2007 after two years of dating and they married on 29 november 2008 in san juan puerto rico they have two children together a daughter sebell', ' in 1991 at the age of eighteen sánchez moved to new york city where she took classes in dancing acting and singing she returned to puerto rico and in 1992 she made her movie debut having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie captain ron which was partly filmed in puerto ricocareer in puerto rico sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as cohost of a variety show called qué vacilón at that time in 1993 sánchez won the miss puerto rico petite contest and in 1994 she won the international title of miss american petite bringing her international fame sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including maxim magazines hot 100 in 2001 2002 and 2006 askmencoms top 99 most desirable women in 2005 and 2006 and fhms 100 sexiest women in 2005 and 2006 in 2001 sánchez was cast as isabella molina an undercover united states secret service agent who was jackie chans love interest in the hit movie rush hour 2 in 2003 she playee age of eighteen sánchez moved to new york city where she took classes in dancing acting and singing she returned to puerto rico and in 1992 she made her movie debut having landed a small part as an island girl in the movie captain ron which was partly filmed in puerto ricocareer in puerto rico sánchez gained public attention as a dancer and as cohost of a variety show called qué vacilón at that time in 1993 sánchez won the miss puerto rico petite contest and in 1994 she won the international title of miss american petite bringing her international fame sánchez has been named in numerous annual lists of beautiful women including maxim magazines hot 100 in 2001 2002 and 2006 askmencoms top 99 most desirable women in 2005 and 2006 and fhms 100 sexiest women in 2005 and 2006 in 2001 sánchez was cast as isabella molina an undercover united states secret service agent who was jackie chans love interest in the hit movie rush hour 2 in 2003 she played', ' the role of lorena in the movie chasing papi starring alongside jaci velasquez and sofia vergara sánchez has acted in some 20 movies including as maria in edison and as karen lopez in underclassman she starred in the puerto rican film cayo released in 2005 in 2003 her first musical recording borinqueña was released the albums first single amor amor gained a lot of attention as well as a latin grammy nomination for best music video she appeared in craig davids music videos hidden agenda and personal and in the fabolous video for the song make me better in the fall of 2005 sánchez joined the cast of the cbs television series without a trace where she played agent elena delgado to 2009 she composed the musical yellow about a singerdanceractress who leaves puerto rico to hit the big time in new york in which she played the principal part the movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007 also in 2007 she acted as monique the ballet teacher in the game plan and in 2009rena in the movie chasing papi starring alongside jaci velasquez and sofia vergara sánchez has acted in some 20 movies including as maria in edison and as karen lopez in underclassman she starred in the puerto rican film cayo released in 2005 in 2003 her first musical recording borinqueña was released the albums first single amor amor gained a lot of attention as well as a latin grammy nomination for best music video she appeared in craig davids music videos hidden agenda and personal and in the fabolous video for the song make me better in the fall of 2005 sánchez joined the cast of the cbs television series without a trace where she played agent elena delgado to 2009 she composed the musical yellow about a singerdanceractress who leaves puerto rico to hit the big time in new york in which she played the principal part the movie was filmed in 2005 and released in 2007 also in 2007 she acted as monique the ballet teacher in the game plan and in 2009', 'a born january 2012 and a son dylan born november 2017 sánchez is the spokesperson of the fundación de niños san jorge which assists sick children from poor familiesdiscography  2003 borinqueñasee also  list of puerto ricanss 2012 and a son dylan born november 2017 sánchez is the spokesperson of the fundación de niños san jorge which assists sick children from poor familiesdiscography  2003 borinqueñasee also  list of puerto ricans']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: The Hunger is a novel by Katsu., Passages: [{'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '<s>Alma Katsu (born 1959) is an American writer of adult fiction. Her books have been translated into over a dozen languages, and has been published in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Spain and Italy. Katsu has also had a 29-year career in the US federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy, with an emphasis on technology issues. She previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the RAND Corporation.</s><s>Biography. Katsu was born in Fairbanks, Alaska, the daughter of an American-born father and a Japanese-born mother. She spent the majority of her youth living near Concord, Massachusetts, to which she attributes her interest in the early American history featured in her novels. She attended Brandeis University (BA in literature and writing, 1981) where she studied with novelist John Irving and children\'s book author Margaret Rey, and the Johns Hopkins University (MA in Fiction, 2004). She is also an alumna of the Squaw Valley writers workshops.</s><s>Career. Katsu\'s writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings. She published her first novel, "The Taker," in 2011 through Gallery Books. It received praise from outlets such'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '\'s Scribe", Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s, Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s>'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': ' as "Booklist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Deviist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Devil'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: the hunger is a novel by katsu, clean Passages: ['alma katsu born 1959 is an american writer of adult fiction her books have been translated into over a dozen languages and has been published in the united kingdom brazil spain and italy katsu has also had a 29year career in the us federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy with an emphasis on technology issues she previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the rand corporationbiography katsu was born in fairbanks alaska the daughter of an americanborn father and a japaneseborn mother she spent the majority of her youth living near concord massachusetts to which she attributes her interest in the early american history featured in her novels she attended brandeis university ba in literature and writing 1981 where she studied with novelist john irving and childrens book author margaret rey and the johns hopkins university ma in fiction 2004 she is also an alumna of the squaw valley writers workshopscareer katsus writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings she published her first novel the taker in 2011 through gallery books it received praise from outlets such', 's scribe gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novels gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novel', ' as booklist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the deviist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the devil']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: The dramas he has starred in have been popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' met screenwriter Song Ji-na. Song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him, leading to his acting debut. Upon the suggestion of his then-manager, he began using the stage name Chae Ji-sung, then decided to drop the surname "Chae," and became known simply as " After several minor roles, he began playing bigger parts, notably in the television dramas "Wonderful Days" (2001) and "Sunshine Hunting" 2002), as well as the North-South romantic comedy film "Whistling Princess" (2002).</s><s>Career.:2003–2004: Breakthrough. Ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama "All In". Producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor Lee Byung-hun. Ji Sung approached director Yoo Chul-yong, saying he wanted the role. "All In" was a big hit, and Ji Sung\'s popularity rose and became known as a Hallyu star. Wanting to challenge himself, he next appeared in his first period drama "The King\'s Woman", playing Gwanghaegun of Joseon. In "Save the Last Dance for Me'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: the dramas he has starred in have been popular, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' met screenwriter song jina song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him leading to his acting debut upon the suggestion of his thenmanager he began using the stage name chae jisung then decided to drop the surname chae and became known simply as  after several minor roles he began playing bigger parts notably in the television dramas wonderful days 2001 and sunshine hunting 2002 as well as the northsouth romantic comedy film whistling princess 2002career2003–2004 breakthrough ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama all in producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor lee byunghun ji sung approached director yoo chulyong saying he wanted the role all in was a big hit and ji sungs popularity rose and became known as a hallyu star wanting to challenge himself he next appeared in his first period drama the kings woman playing gwanghaegun of joseon in save the last dance for me', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in "Protect the Boss."., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in protect the boss, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She has worked to educate communities about the dangers of FGM., Passages: [{'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' she arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere i in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': '<s>Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, she moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. She currently resides in Walthamstow, London, where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of Britain\'s most prominent campaigners about FGM and she has appeared in numerous publications, including the "Telegraph", the BBC, and "The Guardian".</s><s>Early life. Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, she was the victim of type 3 FGM, an event she has described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, she sought answers from her mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, she finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night. She was horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.</s><s>Activism. When'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped". Wardere\'s main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in her lifetime. Her memoir, "Cut", was published in April 2016.</s><s>Personal life. lives with her husband Yusuf and their seven children.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she has worked to educate communities about the dangers of fgm, clean Passages: [' she arrived in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere i in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere is', 'hibo wardere is a somaliborn campaigner against female genital mutilation fgm author and public speaker born in somalia she moved to london england when just a teenager in 1989 as a refugee fleeing the somali civil war she currently resides in walthamstow london where she worked as a mediator and a regular fgm educator for waltham forest borough her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of britains most prominent campaigners about fgm and she has appeared in numerous publications including the telegraph the bbc and the guardianearly life hibo wardere was born in somalia at the age of six she was the victim of type 3 fgm an event she has described as being engulfed in pain from head to toe every day for the next ten years she sought answers from her mother but was always denied a response when wardere was 16 she finally struck a deal with a relative who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night she was horrified by the revelations and soon fled to london after the civil war broke out in the 1980sactivism when', ' quoted as saying “it is a sexual abuse it brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity it should be stopped warderes main ambition for the future is to see female genital mutilation eradicated in her lifetime her memoir cut was published in april 2016personal life lives with her husband yusuf and their seven children']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Joey D. Vieira is an actor., Passages: [{'title': 'Joey D. Vieira', 'text': '<s>Joseph Douglas Vieira, known as Joey D. Vieira (born April 8, 1944), is an American film and television actor. He began as a child actor using the professional name Donald Keeler playing chubby, beanie-wearing farm boy, Sylvester "Porky" Brockway in the first several seasons (1954–57) of TV\'s "Lassie" (retitled "Jeff\'s Collie" in syndicated reruns and on DVD). Vieira borrowed the professional surname from his aunt, Ruby Keeler, star of numerous Warner Bros. musicals in the 1930s. Other early TV appearances include "The Pride of the Family", "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis", "Shirley Temple\'s Storybook", and "My Three Sons". Film appearances include "The Private War of Major Benson" (1955) with Charlton Heston and "The Patriot" (2000) with Mel Gibson in which he played as Peter Howard. Vieira has also written, produced and directed. He also had a music career in the 1970s and 1980s. One of his songs was sampled by the Tyler The Creator song "911/Mr.Lonely'}, {'title': 'Joey D. Vieira', 'text': '" on his album "Flower Boy".</s><s>Family. In addition to being the nephew of Ruby Keeler, he was the half-brother of actor Ken Weatherwax, best known for portraying Pugsley Addams on the 1960s television sitcom "The Addams Family".</s><s>Partial filmography. - "The Private War of Major Benson" (1955) - Cadet Cpl. Scawalski - "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1969) - Dishwasher (uncredited) - "Evel Knievel" (1971) - Lunch Truck Driver - "Wooju heukgisa" (1979) - (English version, voice) - "Monaco Forever" (1984) - Narrator - "Ferris Bueller\'s Day Off" (1986) - Pizza Man - "Red Heat" (1988) - Man at Phone Booth - "Love, Cheat & Steal" (1993) - Bullet Head #1 - "Me and the Gods" (1997) - Dionysus - "Free Enterprise" (1998) - Hal Pittman - "Grizzly Adams and the Legend of Dark Mountain" (1999) - Joey Butterworth - "The Patriot" (200 "Flower Boy".</s><s>Family. In addition to being the nephew of Ruby Keeler, he was the half-brother of actor Ken Weatherwax, best known for portraying Pugsley Addams on the 1960s television sitcom "The Addams Family".</s><s>Partial filmography. - "The Private War of Major Benson" (1955) - Cadet Cpl. Scawalski - "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1969) - Dishwasher (uncredited) - "Evel Knievel" (1971) - Lunch Truck Driver - "Wooju heukgisa" (1979) - (English version, voice) - "Monaco Forever" (1984) - Narrator - "Ferris Bueller\'s Day Off" (1986) - Pizza Man - "Red Heat" (1988) - Man at Phone Booth - "Love, Cheat & Steal" (1993) - Bullet Head #1 - "Me and the Gods" (1997) - Dionysus - "Free Enterprise" (1998) - Hal Pittman - "Grizzly Adams and the Legend of Dark Mountain" (1999) - Joey Butterworth - "The Patriot" (2000'}, {'title': 'Joey D. Vieira', 'text': ') - Peter Howard - "Nebraska" (2001) - Fat Sam - "Fuel" (2008) - Floyd Miller - "Dwegons And Leprechauns" (2014) - Davargan / Yabo Potato / Sweetfang / Clyde (voice)</srd - "Nebraska" (2001) - Fat Sam - "Fuel" (2008) - Floyd Miller - "Dwegons And Leprechauns" (2014) - Davargan / Yabo Potato / Sweetfang / Clyde (voice)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: joey d vieira is an actor, clean Passages: ['joseph douglas vieira known as joey d vieira born april 8 1944 is an american film and television actor he began as a child actor using the professional name donald keeler playing chubby beaniewearing farm boy sylvester porky brockway in the first several seasons 1954–57 of tvs lassie retitled jeffs collie in syndicated reruns and on dvd vieira borrowed the professional surname from his aunt ruby keeler star of numerous warner bros musicals in the 1930s other early tv appearances include the pride of the family the many loves of dobie gillis shirley temples storybook and my three sons film appearances include the private war of major benson 1955 with charlton heston and the patriot 2000 with mel gibson in which he played as peter howard vieira has also written produced and directed he also had a music career in the 1970s and 1980s one of his songs was sampled by the tyler the creator song 911mrlonely', ' on his album flower boyfamily in addition to being the nephew of ruby keeler he was the halfbrother of actor ken weatherwax best known for portraying pugsley addams on the 1960s television sitcom the addams familypartial filmography  the private war of major benson 1955  cadet cpl scawalski  bob  carol  ted  alice 1969  dishwasher uncredited  evel knievel 1971  lunch truck driver  wooju heukgisa 1979  english version voice  monaco forever 1984  narrator  ferris buellers day off 1986  pizza man  red heat 1988  man at phone booth  love cheat  steal 1993  bullet head 1  me and the gods 1997  dionysus  free enterprise 1998  hal pittman  grizzly adams and the legend of dark mountain 1999  joey butterworth  the patriot 200 flower boyfamily in addition to being the nephew of ruby keeler he was the halfbrother of actor ken weatherwax best known for portraying pugsley addams on the 1960s television sitcom the addams familypartial filmography  the private war of major benson 1955  cadet cpl scawalski  bob  carol  ted  alice 1969  dishwasher uncredited  evel knievel 1971  lunch truck driver  wooju heukgisa 1979  english version voice  monaco forever 1984  narrator  ferris buellers day off 1986  pizza man  red heat 1988  man at phone booth  love cheat  steal 1993  bullet head 1  me and the gods 1997  dionysus  free enterprise 1998  hal pittman  grizzly adams and the legend of dark mountain 1999  joey butterworth  the patriot 2000', '  peter howard  nebraska 2001  fat sam  fuel 2008  floyd miller  dwegons and leprechauns 2014  davargan  yabo potato  sweetfang  clyde voicesrd  nebraska 2001  fat sam  fuel 2008  floyd miller  dwegons and leprechauns 2014  davargan  yabo potato  sweetfang  clyde voice']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Maracaibo is in Venezuela., Passages: [{'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': 'boza was announced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</sced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</s>'}, {'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': '<s>Jessica Cristina Barboza Schmidt (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 14 August 1987) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 and Miss International Venezuela 2010.</s><s>Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela. Barboza won in 2009 the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela title in a pageant held in Margarita Island, Venezuela on June 12, 2009. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, María Daniela Torrealba, Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2008. She also competed in Miss Earth Venezuela 2006 but didn\'t place.</s><s>Miss Earth. As the official representative of her country to the 2009 Miss Earth pageant held in Boracay, Philippines, on November 22, 2009, Barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runner-up.</s><s>Miss Venezuela. Barboza competed in 2010 as Miss Distrito Capital in her country\'s national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of "Miss International Venezuela" on October 28, 2010.</s><s>Miss International. She represented Venezuela in the 2011 Miss International pageant in Chengdu, China in November 6, 2011. During the Miss International 2011 final, Jessica Bar'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: maracaibo is in venezuela, clean Passages: ['boza was announced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloésced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloé', 'jessica cristina barboza schmidt born in maracaibo venezuela on 14 august 1987 is a venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of miss earth venezuela 2009 and miss international venezuela 2010sambil model  miss earth venezuela barboza won in 2009 the sambil model  miss earth venezuela title in a pageant held in margarita island venezuela on june 12 2009 she was crowned by the outgoing titleholder maría daniela torrealba sambil model  miss earth venezuela 2008 she also competed in miss earth venezuela 2006 but didnt placemiss earth as the official representative of her country to the 2009 miss earth pageant held in boracay philippines on november 22 2009 barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runnerupmiss venezuela barboza competed in 2010 as miss distrito capital in her countrys national beauty pageant miss venezuela obtaining the title of miss international venezuela on october 28 2010miss international she represented venezuela in the 2011 miss international pageant in chengdu china in november 6 2011 during the miss international 2011 final jessica bar']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She appeared in Just Cause., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she appeared in just cause, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Hibo Wardere is based in the United Kingdom., Passages: [{'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': '<s>Hibo Wardere is a Somali-born campaigner against female genital mutilation (FGM), author, and public speaker. Born in Somalia, she moved to London, England when just a teenager in 1989, as a refugee fleeing the Somali Civil War. She currently resides in Walthamstow, London, where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough. Her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of Britain\'s most prominent campaigners about FGM and she has appeared in numerous publications, including the "Telegraph", the BBC, and "The Guardian".</s><s>Early life. Hibo Wardere was born in Somalia. At the age of six, she was the victim of type 3 FGM, an event she has described as "being engulfed in pain from head to toe". Every day for the next ten years, she sought answers from her mother, but was always denied a response. When Wardere was 16, she finally struck a deal with a relative, who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night. She was horrified by the revelations, and soon fled to London after the civil war broke out in the 1980s.</s><s>Activism. When'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' quoted as saying “It is a sexual abuse. It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity. It should be stopped". Wardere\'s main ambition for the future is to see Female Genital Mutilation eradicated in her lifetime. Her memoir, "Cut", was published in April 2016.</s><s>Personal life. lives with her husband Yusuf and their seven children.</s>'}, {'title': 'Hibo Wardere', 'text': ' she arrived in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere i in London, Wardere sought treatment for her wounds, but received little support from the NHS. Doctors failed to ask what had happened to her, and only rarely mentioned FGM on her medical files, even when she gave birth to her children. Wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library, where she read about female mutilation in a book. Years later, when she was studying to become a teaching assistant, she opened up about her story in a homework essay. The head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers, during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma. After reading Wardere\'s essay, school governor Clare Coghill booked Wardere appointments with other schools in the area. Wardere has worked as a mediator and FGM educator since then, helping young students escape FGM. She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM. Her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications, including the BBC, the "Guardian" and the "Telegraph". Wardere has advised that as an FGM survivor, she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering. Wardere is'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: hibo wardere is based in the united kingdom, clean Passages: ['hibo wardere is a somaliborn campaigner against female genital mutilation fgm author and public speaker born in somalia she moved to london england when just a teenager in 1989 as a refugee fleeing the somali civil war she currently resides in walthamstow london where she worked as a mediator and a regular fgm educator for waltham forest borough her testimonials and campaigning work have made her one of britains most prominent campaigners about fgm and she has appeared in numerous publications including the telegraph the bbc and the guardianearly life hibo wardere was born in somalia at the age of six she was the victim of type 3 fgm an event she has described as being engulfed in pain from head to toe every day for the next ten years she sought answers from her mother but was always denied a response when wardere was 16 she finally struck a deal with a relative who promised to tell her everything about what happened after her wedding night she was horrified by the revelations and soon fled to london after the civil war broke out in the 1980sactivism when', ' quoted as saying “it is a sexual abuse it brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity it should be stopped warderes main ambition for the future is to see female genital mutilation eradicated in her lifetime her memoir cut was published in april 2016personal life lives with her husband yusuf and their seven children', ' she arrived in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere i in london wardere sought treatment for her wounds but received little support from the nhs doctors failed to ask what had happened to her and only rarely mentioned fgm on her medical files even when she gave birth to her children wardere eventually found the answers she was looking for at the library where she read about female mutilation in a book years later when she was studying to become a teaching assistant she opened up about her story in a homework essay the head of staff read her work and asked her to deliver a speech to 120 teachers during which some realised that their students might have experienced the same trauma after reading warderes essay school governor clare coghill booked wardere appointments with other schools in the area wardere has worked as a mediator and fgm educator since then helping young students escape fgm she also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the police to assist in their understanding of fgm her testimonies have appeared in numerous publications including the bbc the guardian and the telegraph wardere has advised that as an fgm survivor she is aware many other women who have undergone the practice feel too ashamed to speak out about their suffering wardere is']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: With CSKA, he won the UEFA Cup., Passages: [{'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': '<s>Daniel da Silva Carvalho (born 1 March 1983), more commonly known as Daniel Carvalho, is a Brazilian former football attacking midfielder.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Club. Carvalho started his career in his native state of Rio Grande do Sul at Sport Club Internacional before transferring to CSKA Moscow. In 2005, he became the first foreign player to be named Russian Footballer of the Year by "Futbol" and "Sport-Express". Carvalho\'s brilliant play during the 2005 UEFA Cup was the key to success of his team, who won the competition, defeating Sporting Lisbon in the Final. This made CSKA the first Russian club to ever win a UEFA competition. He was Man of the Match in the final as he was involved in all three of CSKA\'s goals. He scored in the 3–1 UEFA Super Cup lost to then European Champions Liverpool, but despite this defeat, Carvalho had shown he could cope on the European stage. In November 2007, Carvalho signed a new contract with CSKA until summer 2010, according to CSKA president Yevgeni Giner (or until December 2009, according to CSKA Press Office), with the option of further prolong'}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': "ation and the minimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 Octobeinimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 October"}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': ' 2006.</s><s>Honours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</snours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: with cska he won the uefa cup, clean Passages: ['daniel da silva carvalho born 1 march 1983 more commonly known as daniel carvalho is a brazilian former football attacking midfieldercareercareerclub carvalho started his career in his native state of rio grande do sul at sport club internacional before transferring to cska moscow in 2005 he became the first foreign player to be named russian footballer of the year by futbol and sportexpress carvalhos brilliant play during the 2005 uefa cup was the key to success of his team who won the competition defeating sporting lisbon in the final this made cska the first russian club to ever win a uefa competition he was man of the match in the final as he was involved in all three of cskas goals he scored in the 3–1 uefa super cup lost to then european champions liverpool but despite this defeat carvalho had shown he could cope on the european stage in november 2007 carvalho signed a new contract with cska until summer 2010 according to cska president yevgeni giner or until december 2009 according to cska press office with the option of further prolong', 'ation and the minimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 octobeinimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 october', ' 2006honourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the matchsnourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the match']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She was born in Maracaibo., Passages: [{'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': 'boza was announced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</sced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</s>'}, {'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': '<s>Jessica Cristina Barboza Schmidt (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 14 August 1987) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 and Miss International Venezuela 2010.</s><s>Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela. Barboza won in 2009 the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela title in a pageant held in Margarita Island, Venezuela on June 12, 2009. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, María Daniela Torrealba, Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2008. She also competed in Miss Earth Venezuela 2006 but didn\'t place.</s><s>Miss Earth. As the official representative of her country to the 2009 Miss Earth pageant held in Boracay, Philippines, on November 22, 2009, Barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runner-up.</s><s>Miss Venezuela. Barboza competed in 2010 as Miss Distrito Capital in her country\'s national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of "Miss International Venezuela" on October 28, 2010.</s><s>Miss International. She represented Venezuela in the 2011 Miss International pageant in Chengdu, China in November 6, 2011. During the Miss International 2011 final, Jessica Bar'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she was born in maracaibo, clean Passages: ['boza was announced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloésced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloé', 'jessica cristina barboza schmidt born in maracaibo venezuela on 14 august 1987 is a venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of miss earth venezuela 2009 and miss international venezuela 2010sambil model  miss earth venezuela barboza won in 2009 the sambil model  miss earth venezuela title in a pageant held in margarita island venezuela on june 12 2009 she was crowned by the outgoing titleholder maría daniela torrealba sambil model  miss earth venezuela 2008 she also competed in miss earth venezuela 2006 but didnt placemiss earth as the official representative of her country to the 2009 miss earth pageant held in boracay philippines on november 22 2009 barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runnerupmiss venezuela barboza competed in 2010 as miss distrito capital in her countrys national beauty pageant miss venezuela obtaining the title of miss international venezuela on october 28 2010miss international she represented venezuela in the 2011 miss international pageant in chengdu china in november 6 2011 during the miss international 2011 final jessica bar']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jonathan Haagensen is a Brazilian., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jonathan haagensen is a brazilian, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Ji Sung's real name is Kwak Tae Geun., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' met screenwriter Song Ji-na. Song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him, leading to his acting debut. Upon the suggestion of his then-manager, he began using the stage name Chae Ji-sung, then decided to drop the surname "Chae," and became known simply as " After several minor roles, he began playing bigger parts, notably in the television dramas "Wonderful Days" (2001) and "Sunshine Hunting" 2002), as well as the North-South romantic comedy film "Whistling Princess" (2002).</s><s>Career.:2003–2004: Breakthrough. Ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama "All In". Producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor Lee Byung-hun. Ji Sung approached director Yoo Chul-yong, saying he wanted the role. "All In" was a big hit, and Ji Sung\'s popularity rose and became known as a Hallyu star. Wanting to challenge himself, he next appeared in his first period drama "The King\'s Woman", playing Gwanghaegun of Joseon. In "Save the Last Dance for Me'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '�약 종료 In January 2022, Ji-sung signed an exclusive contract with Surpass Entertainment.He starred in a mystery drama called "Adamas", which aired from July 27 to September 15, 2022. played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years ago.</s><s>Personal life. He met actress Lee Bo-young on the set of 2004 TV series "Save Last Dance for Me", and they confirmed their relationship in 2007. On 2 August 2013, the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites. They married at Aston House, W Seoul Walkerhill Hotel on 27 September 2013. Their first child, a daughter named Kwak Ji-yoo, was born on 13 June 2015. Their second child, a son named Kwak Woo-sung, was born on 5 February 2019.</s>'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: ji sungs real name is kwak tae geun, clean Passages: [' met screenwriter song jina song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him leading to his acting debut upon the suggestion of his thenmanager he began using the stage name chae jisung then decided to drop the surname chae and became known simply as  after several minor roles he began playing bigger parts notably in the television dramas wonderful days 2001 and sunshine hunting 2002 as well as the northsouth romantic comedy film whistling princess 2002career2003–2004 breakthrough ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama all in producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor lee byunghun ji sung approached director yoo chulyong saying he wanted the role all in was a big hit and ji sungs popularity rose and became known as a hallyu star wanting to challenge himself he next appeared in his first period drama the kings woman playing gwanghaegun of joseon in save the last dance for me', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', '�약 종료 in january 2022 jisung signed an exclusive contract with surpass entertainmenthe starred in a mystery drama called adamas which aired from july 27 to september 15 2022 played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years agopersonal life he met actress lee boyoung on the set of 2004 tv series save last dance for me and they confirmed their relationship in 2007 on 2 august 2013 the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites they married at aston house w seoul walkerhill hotel on 27 september 2013 their first child a daughter named kwak jiyoo was born on 13 june 2015 their second child a son named kwak woosung was born on 5 february 2019', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Continuum Analytics is an organization., Passages: [{'title': 'Travis Oliphant', 'text': ' feasibility of designing a high-level data-parallel language extension to Python on graphics processing units (GPUs). On January 1, 2018, Oliphant announced he was leaving Anaconda Inc. He subsequently co-founded Quansight later that same year. He is also a member of the advisory council of the non-profit scientific computing foundation NumFOCUS.</s><s>Books written. Oliphant is the author of the textbook "Guide To NumPy" and associated manuals.</s><s>Books written.:Articles. - - -</s designing a high-level data-parallel language extension to Python on graphics processing units (GPUs). On January 1, 2018, Oliphant announced he was leaving Anaconda Inc. He subsequently co-founded Quansight later that same year. He is also a member of the advisory council of the non-profit scientific computing foundation NumFOCUS.</s><s>Books written. Oliphant is the author of the textbook "Guide To NumPy" and associated manuals.</s><s>Books written.:Articles. - - -</s>'}, {'title': 'Travis Oliphant', 'text': '<s>Travis Oliphant is an American data scientist and businessman. He is a co-founder of NumFOCUS, 501(c)(3) nonprofit charity in the United States, and sits on its advisory board. He is also a founder of technology startup Anaconda ("previously Continuum Analytics"). In addition, Travis is the primary creator of NumPy and founding contributor to the SciPy packages in the Python programming language.</s><s>Early life and education. Oliphant has a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering from the Mayo Clinic and B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mathematics and Electrical Engineering from Brigham Young University.</s><s>Career. Oliphant was an Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Brigham Young University from 2001 to 2007. In addition, he directed the BYU Biomedical Imaging Lab, and performed research on scanning impedance imaging. Oliphant served as President of Enthought from 2007 until 2011. He founded Continuum Analytics in January 2012 (subsequently renamed to Anaconda Inc.). Continuum makes the Python distribution Anaconda. In July 2015 Continuum Analytics received 24 million dollars in Series A Funding. Continuum Analytics received a $100,000 award from DARPA for the'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: continuum analytics is an organization, clean Passages: [' feasibility of designing a highlevel dataparallel language extension to python on graphics processing units gpus on january 1 2018 oliphant announced he was leaving anaconda inc he subsequently cofounded quansight later that same year he is also a member of the advisory council of the nonprofit scientific computing foundation numfocusbooks written oliphant is the author of the textbook guide to numpy and associated manualsbooks writtenarticles   s designing a highlevel dataparallel language extension to python on graphics processing units gpus on january 1 2018 oliphant announced he was leaving anaconda inc he subsequently cofounded quansight later that same year he is also a member of the advisory council of the nonprofit scientific computing foundation numfocusbooks written oliphant is the author of the textbook guide to numpy and associated manualsbooks writtenarticles   ', 'travis oliphant is an american data scientist and businessman he is a cofounder of numfocus 501c3 nonprofit charity in the united states and sits on its advisory board he is also a founder of technology startup anaconda previously continuum analytics in addition travis is the primary creator of numpy and founding contributor to the scipy packages in the python programming languageearly life and education oliphant has a phd in biomedical engineering from the mayo clinic and bs and ms degrees in mathematics and electrical engineering from brigham young universitycareer oliphant was an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at brigham young university from 2001 to 2007 in addition he directed the byu biomedical imaging lab and performed research on scanning impedance imaging oliphant served as president of enthought from 2007 until 2011 he founded continuum analytics in january 2012 subsequently renamed to anaconda inc continuum makes the python distribution anaconda in july 2015 continuum analytics received 24 million dollars in series a funding continuum analytics received a 100000 award from darpa for the']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: The Taker trilogy is a novel by Katsu., Passages: [{'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '<s>Alma Katsu (born 1959) is an American writer of adult fiction. Her books have been translated into over a dozen languages, and has been published in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Spain and Italy. Katsu has also had a 29-year career in the US federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy, with an emphasis on technology issues. She previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the RAND Corporation.</s><s>Biography. Katsu was born in Fairbanks, Alaska, the daughter of an American-born father and a Japanese-born mother. She spent the majority of her youth living near Concord, Massachusetts, to which she attributes her interest in the early American history featured in her novels. She attended Brandeis University (BA in literature and writing, 1981) where she studied with novelist John Irving and children\'s book author Margaret Rey, and the Johns Hopkins University (MA in Fiction, 2004). She is also an alumna of the Squaw Valley writers workshops.</s><s>Career. Katsu\'s writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings. She published her first novel, "The Taker," in 2011 through Gallery Books. It received praise from outlets such'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': '\'s Scribe", Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s, Gallery Books, 2012 (ASIN B006VFZPNU) - "Pipefitter\'s Union", in anthology "Enhanced Gravity", Paycock Press ()</s><s>Awards. "The Taker" was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by "Booklist" magazine, the publication of the American Library Association. The second novel, "The Reckoning", was nominated for several year-end awards including Goodreads Readers Choice Award for best paranormal fantasy and RT Book Reviews Reviewers Choice Award for best paranormal romance. "The Deep" was a finalist for the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Novel and a finalist for the Locus Award for Best Horror Novel.</s>'}, {'title': 'Alma Katsu', 'text': ' as "Booklist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Deviist" and "The Washington Post" and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the American Library Association. Described as a literary take on the Faustian bargain, "The Taker Trilogy" tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of time.</s><s>Personal life. She lives in the Washington, DC area with her husband, musician Bruce Katsu.</s><s>Bibliography.</s><s>Bibliography.:Taker trilogy. - "The Taker", Gallery Books, 2011 () - "The Reckoning", Gallery Books, 2012 () - "The Descent", Gallery Books, 2014 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Standalone novels. - "The Hunger", Transworld, March 2018 () - "The Deep", Transworld, March 2020 () - "Red Widow", G.P. Putnam\'s Sons, March 2021 ()</s><s>Bibliography.:Short stories. - "The Witch Sisters," 2013 (ASIN B008N1YHPM) - "The Marriage Price", 2012 (ASIN B00B0QITYC) - "The Devil'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: the taker trilogy is a novel by katsu, clean Passages: ['alma katsu born 1959 is an american writer of adult fiction her books have been translated into over a dozen languages and has been published in the united kingdom brazil spain and italy katsu has also had a 29year career in the us federal government working in a number of positions dealing with intelligence and foreign policy with an emphasis on technology issues she previously worked as a senior policy analyst for the rand corporationbiography katsu was born in fairbanks alaska the daughter of an americanborn father and a japaneseborn mother she spent the majority of her youth living near concord massachusetts to which she attributes her interest in the early american history featured in her novels she attended brandeis university ba in literature and writing 1981 where she studied with novelist john irving and childrens book author margaret rey and the johns hopkins university ma in fiction 2004 she is also an alumna of the squaw valley writers workshopscareer katsus writing has received praise for its quality and ability to create authentic and realistic settings she published her first novel the taker in 2011 through gallery books it received praise from outlets such', 's scribe gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novels gallery books 2012 asin b006vfzpnu  pipefitters union in anthology enhanced gravity paycock press awards the taker was named one of the ten best debut novels of 2011 by booklist magazine the publication of the american library association the second novel the reckoning was nominated for several yearend awards including goodreads readers choice award for best paranormal fantasy and rt book reviews reviewers choice award for best paranormal romance the deep was a finalist for the bram stoker award for superior achievement in a novel and a finalist for the locus award for best horror novel', ' as booklist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the deviist and the washington post and was recognized as one of the ten best debut novels of the year by the american library association described as a literary take on the faustian bargain the taker trilogy tells the story of a young woman who has been given eternal life but comes to see this condition as a punishment for evil acts she perpetrated in life and is now condemned to revisit until the end of timepersonal life she lives in the washington dc area with her husband musician bruce katsubibliographybibliographytaker trilogy  the taker gallery books 2011   the reckoning gallery books 2012   the descent gallery books 2014 bibliographystandalone novels  the hunger transworld march 2018   the deep transworld march 2020   red widow gp putnams sons march 2021 bibliographyshort stories  the witch sisters 2013 asin b008n1yhpm  the marriage price 2012 asin b00b0qityc  the devil']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jonathan Haagensenis an actor., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jonathan haagensenis an actor, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jean Daullé was known for his portraits., Passages: [{'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': '<s>Jean Daullé (18 May 1703 – 23 April 1763) was a French engraver.</s><s>Biography. He was the son of Jean Daullé, a silversmith, and his wife, Anne née Dennel. At the age of fourteen, he received training from an engraver named Robart, at the priory of Saint-Pierre d\'Abbeville. He then went to Paris, and worked at the studios of Robert Hecquet (1693-1775), who was also originally from Picardy. In 1735, his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant, Pierre-Jean Mariette, who provided him with professional recommendations. Soon after, he was approached by the painter, Hyacinthe Rigaud, who wanted to make him his official engraver. In 1742, Daullé was received at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, with his presentation, "Hyacinthe Rigaud Painting his Wife", after a work by Rigaud. He was also admitted as a member of the academy in Augsbourg. Eventually named "Engraver to the King",'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo the future publisher and print dealer, Pierre-François Basan, as well as the German engraver Jean-Georges Wille. Around 1745, he married Gabrielle-Anne Landry and they had five children. Overwhelmed by his large family, his work suffered.</s><s>Work. He engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects, which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style, which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time. He marked his works J. D. The following are his principal plates:</s><s>Work.:Portraits. - "Catherine, Countess of Feuquières, daughter of Pierre Mignard"; after Mignard. - "Hyacinthe Rigaud, painter"; after Rigaud; engraved for his reception at the Academy in 1742. - "Marguerite de Valois, Countess of Caylus"; after the same. - "Charles Edward Stuart, son of the Pretender". - "Clementina, Princess of Poland, his consort"; after David. - "Madame Favart, in the part of \'Bastienne;\' " after Carle van Loo.'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': ' - "Claude Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid"Deshayes Gendron, oculist"; after Rigaud. - "Jean Baptiste Rousseau"; after Aved. - "Jean Mariette, engraver"; after Pesne.</s><s>Work.:Subjects after various masters. - "The Magdalen"; after Correggio; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Diogenes with his Lantern"; after Spagnoletto; for the same. - "Quos Ego"; after Rubens. - "The Two Sons of Rubens"; after the same; for the Dresden Gallery. - "Neptune appeasing the Tempest"; after the same. - "Charity with Three Children"; after Albani. - "The Triumph of Venus"; after Boucher. - "Les Amusemens de la Campagne"; after Boucher. - "Latona"; after J. Jouvenet. - "Four Marine subjects"; after Joseph Vernet. - "The Bath of Venus"; after Raoux. - "Two subjects"; after G. Metsu. - "Jupiter and Calisto"; after N. Poussin. - "St. Margaret"; after Correggio. - "Child playing with Cupid";'}, {'title': 'Jean Daullé', 'text': " after Van Dyck. A detailed account of this artist's works is contained in Delignière's 'Catalogue raisonné de l'oeuvre gravé de d' Abbeville,' 1872, 8vo.</s><s>References. - - Attribution:</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jean daullé was known for his portraits, clean Passages: ['jean daullé 18 may 1703 – 23 april 1763 was a french engraverbiography he was the son of jean daullé a silversmith and his wife anne née dennel at the age of fourteen he received training from an engraver named robart at the priory of saintpierre dabbeville he then went to paris and worked at the studios of robert hecquet 16931775 who was also originally from picardy in 1735 his work attracted the attention of the engraver and merchant pierrejean mariette who provided him with professional recommendations soon after he was approached by the painter hyacinthe rigaud who wanted to make him his official engraver in 1742 daullé was received at the académie royale de peinture et de sculpture with his presentation hyacinthe rigaud painting his wife after a work by rigaud he was also admitted as a member of the academy in augsbourg eventually named engraver to the king', ' he trained the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo the future publisher and print dealer pierrefrançois basan as well as the german engraver jeangeorges wille around 1745 he married gabrielleanne landry and they had five children overwhelmed by his large family his work sufferedwork he engraved several portraits and plates of historical and other subjects which are chiefly executed with the graver in a clear and firm style which entitles him to rank with the ablest artists of his time he marked his works j d the following are his principal platesworkportraits  catherine countess of feuquières daughter of pierre mignard after mignard  hyacinthe rigaud painter after rigaud engraved for his reception at the academy in 1742  marguerite de valois countess of caylus after the same  charles edward stuart son of the pretender  clementina princess of poland his consort after david  madame favart in the part of bastienne  after carle van loo', '  claude deshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupiddeshayes gendron oculist after rigaud  jean baptiste rousseau after aved  jean mariette engraver after pesneworksubjects after various masters  the magdalen after correggio for the dresden gallery  diogenes with his lantern after spagnoletto for the same  quos ego after rubens  the two sons of rubens after the same for the dresden gallery  neptune appeasing the tempest after the same  charity with three children after albani  the triumph of venus after boucher  les amusemens de la campagne after boucher  latona after j jouvenet  four marine subjects after joseph vernet  the bath of venus after raoux  two subjects after g metsu  jupiter and calisto after n poussin  st margaret after correggio  child playing with cupid', ' after van dyck a detailed account of this artists works is contained in delignières catalogue raisonné de loeuvre gravé de d abbeville 1872 8voreferences   attribution']

Gold truth: NS, Prediction: S, Fact: Botak Chin was a revolutionary., Passages: [{'title': 'Botak Chin', 'text': "<s>Wong Swee Chin, known professionally as Edmund Tan / Louis Ling / Botak Chin (3 March 1951–11 June 1981) was a Malaysian criminal and gangster. He rose to fame as one of the most notorious and dangerous gangsters during the 1960s and 1970s. He and his friend Kevin Yee Kai Kit were known for conducting armed robberies, which in a few cases involved huge amounts of cash. He was respected by the Chinese Hakka community and often regarded as modern-age Robin Hood, as some say he shared the cash from the robberies with the poor. On the evening of 16 February 1976, he was arrested by the police. He was executed on 11 June 1981 in Pudu Prison.</s><s>Early life. Botak Chin was born in Kuala Lumpur on 3 March 1951 to a family of 10 siblings. His father worked with Malayan Railways, and as a child he lived at the Malaysian Railway quarters adjacent to the Caltex station on Jalan Ipoh in Kuala Lumpur. He studied at a Chinese vernacular primary school and then went on to attend the Methodist Boys' Secondary School in Sentul until Form 3. After dropping out from school, Botak Chin worked as a fishmonger at the market at"}, {'title': 'Botak Chin', 'text': " Jalan Tun Ismail (formerly known as Maxwell Road). After his mother's death, he often spent time away from home, with his friends who were the local hoodlums that eventually led him to commit petty crimes. He joined a gang named Gang 360 (Sam Pak Lok), and he was impressed by the firearms possessed by the gang members. On 19 April 1969, and two of his friends took part in a robbery for the first time. At the age of 18, he proudly owned his first firearm, a.22 calibre revolver. He then formed his own gang shortly thereafter and proceeded to engage in robbery sprees.</s><s>Crime sprees. Botak Chin engaged in eight robberies within a month in 1969. This led to his first arrest; he was convicted and sentenced to prison for 7 years. He was released before serving out his sentence and resolved to retire from gangsterism. However, his attempt to become clean and sell vegetables was unsatisfying financially; and he returned to crime.</s><s>Personal life. Dr. Mahadevan, the former director of Tanjung Rambutan Mental Hospital in Perak, treated Botak Chin for 19 days to determine if he was adequately sane to stand trial. He found Botak Chin to"}, {'title': 'Botak Chin', 'text': ' be highly intelligent – but a "misguided genius".</s intelligent – but a "misguided genius".</s>'}]
Gold truth: NS, Prediction: S, Clean Fact: botak chin was a revolutionary, clean Passages: ['wong swee chin known professionally as edmund tan  louis ling  botak chin 3 march 1951–11 june 1981 was a malaysian criminal and gangster he rose to fame as one of the most notorious and dangerous gangsters during the 1960s and 1970s he and his friend kevin yee kai kit were known for conducting armed robberies which in a few cases involved huge amounts of cash he was respected by the chinese hakka community and often regarded as modernage robin hood as some say he shared the cash from the robberies with the poor on the evening of 16 february 1976 he was arrested by the police he was executed on 11 june 1981 in pudu prisonearly life botak chin was born in kuala lumpur on 3 march 1951 to a family of 10 siblings his father worked with malayan railways and as a child he lived at the malaysian railway quarters adjacent to the caltex station on jalan ipoh in kuala lumpur he studied at a chinese vernacular primary school and then went on to attend the methodist boys secondary school in sentul until form 3 after dropping out from school botak chin worked as a fishmonger at the market at', ' jalan tun ismail formerly known as maxwell road after his mothers death he often spent time away from home with his friends who were the local hoodlums that eventually led him to commit petty crimes he joined a gang named gang 360 sam pak lok and he was impressed by the firearms possessed by the gang members on 19 april 1969 and two of his friends took part in a robbery for the first time at the age of 18 he proudly owned his first firearm a22 calibre revolver he then formed his own gang shortly thereafter and proceeded to engage in robbery spreescrime sprees botak chin engaged in eight robberies within a month in 1969 this led to his first arrest he was convicted and sentenced to prison for 7 years he was released before serving out his sentence and resolved to retire from gangsterism however his attempt to become clean and sell vegetables was unsatisfying financially and he returned to crimepersonal life dr mahadevan the former director of tanjung rambutan mental hospital in perak treated botak chin for 19 days to determine if he was adequately sane to stand trial he found botak chin to', ' be highly intelligent – but a misguided geniuss intelligent – but a misguided genius']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: "Save the Last Dance for Me." is popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' met screenwriter Song Ji-na. Song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him, leading to his acting debut. Upon the suggestion of his then-manager, he began using the stage name Chae Ji-sung, then decided to drop the surname "Chae," and became known simply as " After several minor roles, he began playing bigger parts, notably in the television dramas "Wonderful Days" (2001) and "Sunshine Hunting" 2002), as well as the North-South romantic comedy film "Whistling Princess" (2002).</s><s>Career.:2003–2004: Breakthrough. Ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama "All In". Producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor Lee Byung-hun. Ji Sung approached director Yoo Chul-yong, saying he wanted the role. "All In" was a big hit, and Ji Sung\'s popularity rose and became known as a Hallyu star. Wanting to challenge himself, he next appeared in his first period drama "The King\'s Woman", playing Gwanghaegun of Joseon. In "Save the Last Dance for Me'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '�약 종료 In January 2022, Ji-sung signed an exclusive contract with Surpass Entertainment.He starred in a mystery drama called "Adamas", which aired from July 27 to September 15, 2022. played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years ago.</s><s>Personal life. He met actress Lee Bo-young on the set of 2004 TV series "Save Last Dance for Me", and they confirmed their relationship in 2007. On 2 August 2013, the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites. They married at Aston House, W Seoul Walkerhill Hotel on 27 September 2013. Their first child, a daughter named Kwak Ji-yoo, was born on 13 June 2015. Their second child, a son named Kwak Woo-sung, was born on 5 February 2019.</s>'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: save the last dance for me is popular, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' met screenwriter song jina song took an interest in the young upstart and wrote a new character for him leading to his acting debut upon the suggestion of his thenmanager he began using the stage name chae jisung then decided to drop the surname chae and became known simply as  after several minor roles he began playing bigger parts notably in the television dramas wonderful days 2001 and sunshine hunting 2002 as well as the northsouth romantic comedy film whistling princess 2002career2003–2004 breakthrough ji was then cast in the 2003 gambling drama all in producers were having difficulty casting the second male lead because most actors were afraid to be compared to lead actor lee byunghun ji sung approached director yoo chulyong saying he wanted the role all in was a big hit and ji sungs popularity rose and became known as a hallyu star wanting to challenge himself he next appeared in his first period drama the kings woman playing gwanghaegun of joseon in save the last dance for me', '�약 종료 in january 2022 jisung signed an exclusive contract with surpass entertainmenthe starred in a mystery drama called adamas which aired from july 27 to september 15 2022 played the roles of the twin brothers who pair up to uncover the mystery of a murder that occurred 22 years agopersonal life he met actress lee boyoung on the set of 2004 tv series save last dance for me and they confirmed their relationship in 2007 on 2 august 2013 the couple announced their engagement by uploading handwritten letters on their respective official fan sites they married at aston house w seoul walkerhill hotel on 27 september 2013 their first child a daughter named kwak jiyoo was born on 13 june 2015 their second child a son named kwak woosung was born on 5 february 2019', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Jessica Barboza is a beauty queen., Passages: [{'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': '<s>Jessica Cristina Barboza Schmidt (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 14 August 1987) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 and Miss International Venezuela 2010.</s><s>Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela. Barboza won in 2009 the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela title in a pageant held in Margarita Island, Venezuela on June 12, 2009. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, María Daniela Torrealba, Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2008. She also competed in Miss Earth Venezuela 2006 but didn\'t place.</s><s>Miss Earth. As the official representative of her country to the 2009 Miss Earth pageant held in Boracay, Philippines, on November 22, 2009, Barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runner-up.</s><s>Miss Venezuela. Barboza competed in 2010 as Miss Distrito Capital in her country\'s national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of "Miss International Venezuela" on October 28, 2010.</s><s>Miss International. She represented Venezuela in the 2011 Miss International pageant in Chengdu, China in November 6, 2011. During the Miss International 2011 final, Jessica Bar'}, {'title': 'Jessica Barboza', 'text': 'boza was announced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</sced as the 1st Runner-Up.</s><s>Personal life. She currently resides in Panama with her husband Federico Pauls, with whom she has three children: Benjamín and twins Olivia and Chloé.</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: jessica barboza is a beauty queen, clean Passages: ['jessica cristina barboza schmidt born in maracaibo venezuela on 14 august 1987 is a venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the titles of miss earth venezuela 2009 and miss international venezuela 2010sambil model  miss earth venezuela barboza won in 2009 the sambil model  miss earth venezuela title in a pageant held in margarita island venezuela on june 12 2009 she was crowned by the outgoing titleholder maría daniela torrealba sambil model  miss earth venezuela 2008 she also competed in miss earth venezuela 2006 but didnt placemiss earth as the official representative of her country to the 2009 miss earth pageant held in boracay philippines on november 22 2009 barboza competed against 79 other delegates and was designated 2nd runnerupmiss venezuela barboza competed in 2010 as miss distrito capital in her countrys national beauty pageant miss venezuela obtaining the title of miss international venezuela on october 28 2010miss international she represented venezuela in the 2011 miss international pageant in chengdu china in november 6 2011 during the miss international 2011 final jessica bar', 'boza was announced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloésced as the 1st runneruppersonal life she currently resides in panama with her husband federico pauls with whom she has three children benjamín and twins olivia and chloé']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Haagensen began his acting career in theater., Passages: [{'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': '<s>Jonathan Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model, and singer.</s><s>Life and career. A resident of the Vidigal community since his birth, he has Norwegian ancestry from his father, who has not seen since he was six years old. "I never knew anything about my father. I only know that he lives in Vitória, the capital city of the state of Espírito Santo," he says. Haagensen appeared in the film "City of God", by Fernando Meireles and Kátia Lund, as did his brother, Phellipe Haagensen, also an actor. He was discovered in the Vidigal\'s theatrical company "Nós do Morro". He has participated, as a model, in the Fashion Rio event, campaigning for Dolce & Gabbana and worked in promotional events for the NBA. He participated in the reality show "A Fazenda", from TV Record. Haagensen portrayed Dodo in "Da Cor do Pecado" and Cláudio in "Paraíso Tropical". He is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of "Nós do Mor'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'ro".</s><s>Filmography (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omaphy (partial). The director\'s name is listed in parenthesis. - 2000 - "Palace II" - Short - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "City of God (Cidade de Deus)" - (Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund) - 2002 - "Seja o que Deus Quiser" - (Murilo Salles) - 2004 - "Four for None (O Diabo a Quatro)" - (Alice de Andrade) - 2002/05 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - TV series - (Fernando Meirelles, Kátia Lund, Paulo Morelli, Cao Hamburger and others) - 2006 - "The Samba Poet (Noel - Poeta da Vila)" - (Ricardo Van Steen) - 2007 - "City of Men (Cidade dos Homens)" - (Paulo Morelli) - 2008 - "Embarque Imediato" - (Allan Fiterman) - 2018 - "O Mecanismo" - (José Padilha) - 2020 - "Omn'}, {'title': 'Jonathan Haagensen', 'text': 'iscient"</s><s>Discography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</scography. - (Haagensen is part of the hip hop group, including actors Marcello Melo Jr. and Roberta Rodrigues.)</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: haagensen began his acting career in theater, clean Passages: ['jonathan haagensen cerqueira born february 23 1983 is a brazilian actor model and singerlife and career a resident of the vidigal community since his birth he has norwegian ancestry from his father who has not seen since he was six years old i never knew anything about my father i only know that he lives in vitória the capital city of the state of espírito santo he says haagensen appeared in the film city of god by fernando meireles and kátia lund as did his brother phellipe haagensen also an actor he was discovered in the vidigals theatrical company nós do morro he has participated as a model in the fashion rio event campaigning for dolce  gabbana and worked in promotional events for the nba he participated in the reality show a fazenda from tv record haagensen portrayed dodo in da cor do pecado and cláudio in paraíso tropical he is also member of the hip hop music group composed of members of nós do mor', 'rofilmography partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omaphy partial the directors name is listed in parenthesis  2000  palace ii  short  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  city of god cidade de deus  fernando meirelles and kátia lund  2002  seja o que deus quiser  murilo salles  2004  four for none o diabo a quatro  alice de andrade  200205  city of men cidade dos homens  tv series  fernando meirelles kátia lund paulo morelli cao hamburger and others  2006  the samba poet noel  poeta da vila  ricardo van steen  2007  city of men cidade dos homens  paulo morelli  2008  embarque imediato  allan fiterman  2018  o mecanismo  josé padilha  2020  omn', 'iscientdiscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodriguesscography  haagensen is part of the hip hop group including actors marcello melo jr and roberta rodrigues']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Kerser is a rapper., Passages: [{'title': 'Kerser', 'text': '<s>Scott Froml (born 21 August 1987), better known by his stage name Kerser, is an Australian rapper. He has released two mixtapes and several albums since 2009 and his second album "No Rest for the Sickest" reached No. 15 on the ARIA albums chart, while the album\'s tour DVD debuted at No. 1 on the ARIA Music DVD chart in 2013. His album "S.C.O.T." reached No. 5 while his fourth album "King" was released on 13 November 2014 and reached number 9.</s><s>Biography. Scott Froml was born on 21 August 1987, in the vicinity of Campbelltown, New South Wales. He started his rap career at an early age while living in Campbelltown, rapping with his older brother Aaron (aka Rates) at age 11 and recording by 18. One of his major influences is Tupac. Kerser released his first mixtape "Straight Out Tha Gutter" in 2009 with his second mixtape "Down the Drain" being released in 2010. His first album "The Nebulizer" was released on 14 October 2011. The album was produced by Nebs, hence the name. According to an article in "INpress", "'}, {'title': 'Kerser', 'text': 'is raw, aggressive and territorial," while the album is "A fervent mix of rave, rap, electro and r\'n\'b." He gained fame from the track "Kerser is the sickest" that was also on the first album. His second album "No Rest for the Sickest" was released on 2 November 2012. It reached No. 15 on the ARIA Albums Chart, and No. 1 on the ARIA Urban Albums Chart. He toured nationally to support the album. He was signed to management with Obese Records in 2013, and in late 2015 moved to an independent manager. In March 2013 he released the single "We Here Now" with Rates, which led to a national tour. Among his performances are the Breath of Life Festival in Tasmania alongside 360, Illy, Seth Sentry. In August 2013 Kerser released "The No Rest for the Sickest National Tour" on DVD. It debuted at No. 1 on the ARIA Music DVD Chart. His third album "S.C.O.T." was released on 25 October 2013. The album features Nebs, Jay (Uf), and Jace Excel. It debuted at No. 1 on the ARIA Urban Albums Chart and No'}, {'title': 'Kerser', 'text': '. 1 on the iTunes Chart, knocking off Linkin Park, David Dallas and Katy Perry in the charts. He toured Australia in February and March 2013 to support the album. s fourth album "King", produced by Nebs, was released on 14 November 2014. His fifth album titled "Next Step" was released on 13 November 2015 and produced by Sinima Beats. It was Kerser\'s first album to be released under his label ABK Records and was distributed by Warner Music Australia.</s><s>Battle rap career. Kerser is a well-known battle rapper in Australia, appearing on circuits such as Got Beef, Grind Time Now Australia and Real Talk Battle League. Between 2010 and 2012, he only lost two battles (to Zone Doubt and Jay Legend respectively), excluding a well-publicised battle against 360 in December 2011, where no official winner was announced, however the decision to make the battle unjudged had come in at the last minute. His long-running rivalry with 360 heated up again in August 2013 when 360 released a diss track called "30 Minutes Tops", Kerser returns with a diss track called "Old Matt". The rivalry and battle is widely known as the most viewed battle rap in the history of Australian hip hop, making it the'}, {'title': 'Kerser', 'text': " benchmark for all major battles that have proceeded it. At the time of the battle, it elevated both rapper's careers greatly really showcasing the difference in culture between Sydney and Melbourne hip hop street culture. In the years that have followed both and 360 have shown mutual professional respect for each other.</s><s>See also. - Australian hip hop - Obese Records</s>"}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: kerser is a rapper, clean Passages: ['scott froml born 21 august 1987 better known by his stage name kerser is an australian rapper he has released two mixtapes and several albums since 2009 and his second album no rest for the sickest reached no 15 on the aria albums chart while the albums tour dvd debuted at no 1 on the aria music dvd chart in 2013 his album scot reached no 5 while his fourth album king was released on 13 november 2014 and reached number 9biography scott froml was born on 21 august 1987 in the vicinity of campbelltown new south wales he started his rap career at an early age while living in campbelltown rapping with his older brother aaron aka rates at age 11 and recording by 18 one of his major influences is tupac kerser released his first mixtape straight out tha gutter in 2009 with his second mixtape down the drain being released in 2010 his first album the nebulizer was released on 14 october 2011 the album was produced by nebs hence the name according to an article in inpress ', 'is raw aggressive and territorial while the album is a fervent mix of rave rap electro and rnb he gained fame from the track kerser is the sickest that was also on the first album his second album no rest for the sickest was released on 2 november 2012 it reached no 15 on the aria albums chart and no 1 on the aria urban albums chart he toured nationally to support the album he was signed to management with obese records in 2013 and in late 2015 moved to an independent manager in march 2013 he released the single we here now with rates which led to a national tour among his performances are the breath of life festival in tasmania alongside 360 illy seth sentry in august 2013 kerser released the no rest for the sickest national tour on dvd it debuted at no 1 on the aria music dvd chart his third album scot was released on 25 october 2013 the album features nebs jay uf and jace excel it debuted at no 1 on the aria urban albums chart and no', ' 1 on the itunes chart knocking off linkin park david dallas and katy perry in the charts he toured australia in february and march 2013 to support the album s fourth album king produced by nebs was released on 14 november 2014 his fifth album titled next step was released on 13 november 2015 and produced by sinima beats it was kersers first album to be released under his label abk records and was distributed by warner music australiabattle rap career kerser is a wellknown battle rapper in australia appearing on circuits such as got beef grind time now australia and real talk battle league between 2010 and 2012 he only lost two battles to zone doubt and jay legend respectively excluding a wellpublicised battle against 360 in december 2011 where no official winner was announced however the decision to make the battle unjudged had come in at the last minute his longrunning rivalry with 360 heated up again in august 2013 when 360 released a diss track called 30 minutes tops kerser returns with a diss track called old matt the rivalry and battle is widely known as the most viewed battle rap in the history of australian hip hop making it the', ' benchmark for all major battles that have proceeded it at the time of the battle it elevated both rappers careers greatly really showcasing the difference in culture between sydney and melbourne hip hop street culture in the years that have followed both and 360 have shown mutual professional respect for each othersee also  australian hip hop  obese records']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: With CSKA, he won international titles., Passages: [{'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': '<s>Daniel da Silva Carvalho (born 1 March 1983), more commonly known as Daniel Carvalho, is a Brazilian former football attacking midfielder.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Club. Carvalho started his career in his native state of Rio Grande do Sul at Sport Club Internacional before transferring to CSKA Moscow. In 2005, he became the first foreign player to be named Russian Footballer of the Year by "Futbol" and "Sport-Express". Carvalho\'s brilliant play during the 2005 UEFA Cup was the key to success of his team, who won the competition, defeating Sporting Lisbon in the Final. This made CSKA the first Russian club to ever win a UEFA competition. He was Man of the Match in the final as he was involved in all three of CSKA\'s goals. He scored in the 3–1 UEFA Super Cup lost to then European Champions Liverpool, but despite this defeat, Carvalho had shown he could cope on the European stage. In November 2007, Carvalho signed a new contract with CSKA until summer 2010, according to CSKA president Yevgeni Giner (or until December 2009, according to CSKA Press Office), with the option of further prolong'}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': "ation and the minimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 Octobeinimum fee release clause. However, he went on a six-month loan back to SC Internacional in July 2008. Since then he has returned to CSKA and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the Muscovite club to UEFA Cup honours in 2005. On 4 January 2010, Qatari club Al-Arabi Sports Club have signed the Brazilian attacking midfielder from PFC CSKA Moscow. In May 2010, he was signed by Atlético Mineiro, and once again returned to Brazil. In March 2013, Carvalho signed for Criciúma. Carvalho's Criciúma contract was cancelled in October 2013. Carvalho went on to retire from professional football, and join Brazilian futsal side DC Futsal. On 22 April 2015, Carvalho signed for Brazilian side Botafogo.</s><s>Career.:International career. Carvalho was called up for a friendly between Brazil and Norway on 16 August 2006 for the first time. He started the match and scored on his debut, and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of Argentina on 3 September. He also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against Kuwaiti club Al Kuwait on 7 October"}, {'title': 'Daniel Carvalho', 'text': ' 2006.</s><s>Honours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</snours.</s><s>Honours.:Club. Internacional - Campeonato Gaúcho: 2002, 2003 - Copa Sudamericana: 2008 CSKA Moscow - Russian Premier League: 2005, 2006 - Russian Cup: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2008–09 - Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009 - UEFA Cup: 2004–05 Palmeiras - Copa do Brasil: 2012 Botafogo - Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2015 Goiás - Campeonato Goiano: 2016</s><s>Honours.:International. - Brazil U-20 - FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2003</s><s>Honours.:Individual. - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Sport-Express): 2005 - Footballer of the Year in Russia (Futbol): 2005 - In the list of 33 best football players of the championship of Russia: 2005, 2006 - 2005 UEFA Cup Final: Man of the match</s>'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: with cska he won international titles, clean Passages: ['daniel da silva carvalho born 1 march 1983 more commonly known as daniel carvalho is a brazilian former football attacking midfieldercareercareerclub carvalho started his career in his native state of rio grande do sul at sport club internacional before transferring to cska moscow in 2005 he became the first foreign player to be named russian footballer of the year by futbol and sportexpress carvalhos brilliant play during the 2005 uefa cup was the key to success of his team who won the competition defeating sporting lisbon in the final this made cska the first russian club to ever win a uefa competition he was man of the match in the final as he was involved in all three of cskas goals he scored in the 3–1 uefa super cup lost to then european champions liverpool but despite this defeat carvalho had shown he could cope on the european stage in november 2007 carvalho signed a new contract with cska until summer 2010 according to cska president yevgeni giner or until december 2009 according to cska press office with the option of further prolong', 'ation and the minimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 octobeinimum fee release clause however he went on a sixmonth loan back to sc internacional in july 2008 since then he has returned to cska and hopes to recapture the form which propelled the muscovite club to uefa cup honours in 2005 on 4 january 2010 qatari club alarabi sports club have signed the brazilian attacking midfielder from pfc cska moscow in may 2010 he was signed by atlético mineiro and once again returned to brazil in march 2013 carvalho signed for criciúma carvalhos criciúma contract was cancelled in october 2013 carvalho went on to retire from professional football and join brazilian futsal side dc futsal on 22 april 2015 carvalho signed for brazilian side botafogocareerinternational career carvalho was called up for a friendly between brazil and norway on 16 august 2006 for the first time he started the match and scored on his debut and took part in the following 3–0 defeat of argentina on 3 september he also scored in the 4–0 win in an unofficial friendly match against kuwaiti club al kuwait on 7 october', ' 2006honourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the matchsnourshonoursclub internacional  campeonato gaúcho 2002 2003  copa sudamericana 2008 cska moscow  russian premier league 2005 2006  russian cup 2004–05 2005–06 2008–09  russian super cup 2004 2006 2007 2009  uefa cup 2004–05 palmeiras  copa do brasil 2012 botafogo  campeonato brasileiro série b 2015 goiás  campeonato goiano 2016honoursinternational  brazil u20  fifa u20 world cup 2003honoursindividual  footballer of the year in russia sportexpress 2005  footballer of the year in russia futbol 2005  in the list of 33 best football players of the championship of russia 2005 2006  2005 uefa cup final man of the match']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in "New Heart."., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in new heart, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: "New Heart." is popular., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: new heart is popular, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: Ji Sung is an actor., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'ol family. Later that year, he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy "Protect the Boss". In a departure from his usual serious roles, played a dorky man-child with a panic disorder, who matures and learns to run his father\'s business after meeting a feisty secretary (played by Choi Kang-hee). From 2012 to 2013, Ji Sung played a gifted seer/geomancer in "The Great Seer". His fictional character becomes a "kingmaker" to Yi Seong-gye (played by Ji Jin-hee), the general who leads the overthrow of Goryeo and establishes the Joseon Dynasty, becoming its first king Taejo. In late 2012, he starred in adult romantic comedy "My PS Partner", playing an aspiring singer-songwriter trying to get over a breakup, who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman (played by Kim Ah-joong) trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing. Ji Sung said he found the script intriguing, despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes. And after he saw "Love & Other Drugs", he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner. In 2013, Ji Sung starred in mel'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: ji sung is an actor, clean Passages: ['ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', 'odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', 'ol family later that year he was cast in the workplace romantic comedy protect the boss in a departure from his usual serious roles played a dorky manchild with a panic disorder who matures and learns to run his fathers business after meeting a feisty secretary played by choi kanghee from 2012 to 2013 ji sung played a gifted seergeomancer in the great seer his fictional character becomes a kingmaker to yi seonggye played by ji jinhee the general who leads the overthrow of goryeo and establishes the joseon dynasty becoming its first king taejo in late 2012 he starred in adult romantic comedy my ps partner playing an aspiring singersongwriter trying to get over a breakup who becomes the wrong recipient of a phone sex call from a woman played by kim ahjoong trying to seduce her boyfriend into proposing ji sung said he found the script intriguing despite the discomfort of appearing in bed scenes and after he saw love  other drugs he wanted to be in a movie that portrayed a romantic relationship in a realistic manner in 2013 ji sung starred in mel', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: He has since then starred in numerous dramas., Passages: [{'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'odrama "Secret Love". He said he chose the drama because he found the script "fresh, honest, and sophisticated." He played a chaebol "bad boy" whose girlfriend is killed, then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime. next appeared in "Confession", a 2014 neo-noir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three men\'s friendship after the death of one\'s mother.</s><s>Career.:2015–present: Career resurgence. In 2015, he reunited with "Secret Love" co-star Hwang Jung-eum in "Kill Me, Heal Me", in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder from DSMIV-TR who has seven different identities. The series was a hit and developed a cult following, winning Ji Sung the "Daesang (Grand Prize)" at the MBC Drama Awards. However, Ji\'s next work "Entertainer", where he played a cunning and self-centered manager of an entertainment company, failed to be successful. Ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller "Innocent Defendant", which was a hit and topped viewership ratings. Ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character, an am'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row. He received the Grand Prize award at the SBS Drama Awards. In 2018, Ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama "Familiar Wife". The same year he starred in the period comedy film "Feng Shui". In 2019, Ji starred television series "Doctor John". It is his first medical drama in 11 years. In 2020, Ji appeared in tvN\'s travel show "RUN" alongside Kang Ki-young, Lee Tae-sun and Hwang Hee. In 2021, starred in the mystery legal drama "The Devil Judge" with his previous co-star Kim Min-jung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama "New Heart". In August 2021, Namoo Actors\' contract expired and Ji Sung decided not to renew it.{{Cite news|url=https://entertain.naver.com/now/read?oid=437&aid=0000273351 |author= Kim Jin-seok |title=[단독]지성, 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': ' that she\'d told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of "All In". Contrary to his cheeky, playful character, said that he\'s taciturn and shy in real life, but that the drama made him find a different side of himself. He then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated right-hand man of the mob boss in action noir "Fate" (2008). In 2009, Ji Sung collaborated again with writer Choi Wan-kyu and director Yoo Chul-yong of "All In" in the revenge drama "Swallow the Sun", adapted from the novel by Kang Chul-hwa, and shot on location in Jeju Island, Las Vegas and South Africa. Ji Sung trained hard to play the tough, strong-willed protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of Jeju. In February 2010, he signed with a new management agency, Namoo Actors. Several months later, he played another historical character in "Kim Su-ro, The Iron King", as the titular founder of Geumgwan Gaya. In 2011, Ji Sung starred alongside Yum Jung-ah in "Royal Family", about the power plays within a chaeb'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '<s>Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "All In" (2003), "Save the Last Dance for Me" (2004), "New Heart" (2007), "Protect the Boss" (2011), "Secret Love" (2013), "Kill Me, Heal Me" (2015), "Innocent Defendant" (2017), "Familiar Wife" (2018), "Doctor John" (2019), "The Devil Judge" (2021) and the film "My PS Partner" (2012).</s><s>Early life. Kwak Tae-geun\'s parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was "Rain Man". Dustin Hoffman\'s acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father\'s objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:1999–2002: Beginnings. Ji Sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama "KAIST", where he'}, {'title': 'Ji Sung', 'text': '" (2004), he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health (played by Eugene). He then made a guest appearance playing Bae Jong-ok\'s college boyfriend in "Outing", a two-episode arc written by Lee Kyung-hee for the omnibus drama "Beating Heart" (2005), followed by a supporting role in Kim Dae-seung\'s period thriller "Blood Rain" (2005).</s><s>Career.:2005–2007: Enlistment. enlisted on 7 June 2005, for his mandatory military service. Though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier, the Military Manpower Administration transferred him to the military promotion ("entertainers") unit in February 2006, for which he served as "public ambassador of military affairs". He was discharged on 6 June 2007.</s><s>Career.:2008–2014: Comeback and lead roles. He made his comeback in the medical drama "New Heart" (2007–08), playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident. During a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman, Ji Sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother who\'d recently died, remembering'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: he has since then starred in numerous dramas, clean Passages: ['odrama secret love he said he chose the drama because he found the script fresh honest and sophisticated he played a chaebol bad boy whose girlfriend is killed then falls for the woman who went to prison for the crime next appeared in confession a 2014 neonoir film that brutally explores the aftermath of three mens friendship after the death of ones mothercareer2015–present career resurgence in 2015 he reunited with secret love costar hwang jungeum in kill me heal me in which he played a chaebol millionaire with dissociative identity disorder formerly known as multiple personality disorder from dsmivtr who has seven different identities the series was a hit and developed a cult following winning ji sung the daesang grand prize at the mbc drama awards however jis next work entertainer where he played a cunning and selfcentered manager of an entertainment company failed to be successful ji bounced back in 2017 with legal thriller innocent defendant which was a hit and topped viewership ratings ji earned acclaim for playing the diverse emotions of the character an am', 'nesic prosecutor who finds himself on a death row he received the grand prize award at the sbs drama awards in 2018 ji starred in the fantasy romance comedy drama familiar wife the same year he starred in the period comedy film feng shui in 2019 ji starred television series doctor john it is his first medical drama in 11 years in 2020 ji appeared in tvns travel show run alongside kang kiyoung lee taesun and hwang hee in 2021 starred in the mystery legal drama the devil judge with his previous costar kim minjung who he worked together 13 years ago in the drama new heart in august 2021 namoo actors contract expired and ji sung decided not to renew itcite newsurlhttpsentertainnavercomnowreadoid437aid0000273351 author kim jinseok title단독지성 11년 인연 나무엑터스와 �', ' that shed told him her only pleasure was watching him in reruns of all in contrary to his cheeky playful character said that hes taciturn and shy in real life but that the drama made him find a different side of himself he then made an extended cameo as the sophisticated righthand man of the mob boss in action noir fate 2008 in 2009 ji sung collaborated again with writer choi wankyu and director yoo chulyong of all in in the revenge drama swallow the sun adapted from the novel by kang chulhwa and shot on location in jeju island las vegas and south africa ji sung trained hard to play the tough strongwilled protagonist who goes to prison for his boss and later becomes involved in the city development of jeju in february 2010 he signed with a new management agency namoo actors several months later he played another historical character in kim suro the iron king as the titular founder of geumgwan gaya in 2011 ji sung starred alongside yum jungah in royal family about the power plays within a chaeb', 'ji sung born kwak taegeun on 27 february 1977 is a south korean actor he is best known for his roles in the television dramas all in 2003 save the last dance for me 2004 new heart 2007 protect the boss 2011 secret love 2013 kill me heal me 2015 innocent defendant 2017 familiar wife 2018 doctor john 2019 the devil judge 2021 and the film my ps partner 2012early life kwak taegeuns parents were both educators and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession but in his sophomore year in high school his father bought him a vcr and the first movie he rented was rain man dustin hoffmans acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor despite his fathers objections he later studied theater and film at hanyang universitycareercareer1999–2002 beginnings ji sung first auditioned for the 1999 campus drama kaist where he', ' 2004 he played a rich amnesiac businessman who falls in love with a girl running a bed and breakfast who nurses him back to health played by eugene he then made a guest appearance playing bae jongoks college boyfriend in outing a twoepisode arc written by lee kyunghee for the omnibus drama beating heart 2005 followed by a supporting role in kim daeseungs period thriller blood rain 2005career2005–2007 enlistment enlisted on 7 june 2005 for his mandatory military service though he initially enlisted as an ordinary soldier the military manpower administration transferred him to the military promotion entertainers unit in february 2006 for which he served as public ambassador of military affairs he was discharged on 6 june 2007career2008–2014 comeback and lead roles he made his comeback in the medical drama new heart 2007–08 playing a cardiothoracic surgery resident during a scene where his character cries after failing to save the life of a former comfort woman ji sung said he thought of his maternal grandmother whod recently died remembering']

Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Fact: She appeared in A Bronx Tale., Passages: [{'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '<s>Taral Hicks (born September 21, 1974) is an American actress and singer. Hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993\'s American crime drama film "A Bronx Tale" and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album "This Time" which peaked at No. 4 on "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. Raised in Teaneck, New Jersey, Hicks graduated from Teaneck High School in 1994.</s><s>Career.</s><s>Career.:Acting. Hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film, "A Bronx Tale". Her subsequent film roles were small: 1995\'s "Just Cause" with Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne, and 1996\'s "Educating Matt Waters" and "The Preacher\'s Wife" with Whitney Houston. She appeared in the movie "Belly" in 1998. In 2000, she appeared on screen in the short film, "Are You Cinderella?", with actor Wood Harris. Her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005\'s "The Salon", with Vivica A. Fox, Dondre Whitfield, and Darrin Henson; 2006\'s "Forbidden Fruits" with'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': '", a remake of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s of the classic R&B hit by Deniece Williams, was released. Featuring a black-and-white music video directed by Hype Williams, the single charted well on the R&B chart. After collaborating on the video for "Silly", Williams cast Hicks as in his directorial film debut, 1998\'s "Belly", as Keisha, DMX\'s girlfriend. The video for "Silly" appeared in one of the film\'s scenes. Hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel music.</s><s>Personal life. Hicks is a 1993 graduate of Grace Dodge Vocational High School in the Bronx, New York. She is the younger sister of actress and singer D\'atra Hicks. In 1999, Hicks began dating Loren Dawson, and the couple married in 2001.</s><s>Discography.</s><s>Discography.:Singles. - Soundtracks - 1996: "The Associate" (on "Yes We Can Can" with Chantay Savage, LaShanda Reese and The Pointer Sisters)</s>'}, {'title': 'Taral Hicks', 'text': ' Ella Joyce, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Sill, Fredro Starr, and R&B singer Keith Sweat; 2007\'s "Humenetomy"; and 2010\'s "Ex$pendable". Hicks featured in the HBO television series "Subway Stories" in 1997. Two guest roles followed: 2002\'s "100 Centre Street" in the episode titled "Fathers", and a 2003 episode of "Soul Food: The Series" titled "The New Math". Hicks co-starred in the musical stage play Tyler Perry\'s "Aunt Bam\'s Place" with Paris Bennett, Cassi Davis, Jeffrey Lewis, and Melonie Daniels. It had a 3-day run beginning August 30, 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia (Cobb Energy Center) and was filmed for a DVD release on June 12, 2012.</s><s>Career.:Music. In 1995, Hicks signed a deal with Motown Records and released an album titled "This Time". The single "Ooh, Ooh Baby", written by and featuring Missy Elliott, charted on the Billboard R&B singles chart. However, the lead single intended to debut her singing career was "Distant Lover", an uptempo track produced by Teddy Riley. The album did not take off until the second single, "Silly'}]
Gold truth: S, Prediction: NS, Clean Fact: she appeared in a bronx tale, clean Passages: ['taral hicks born september 21 1974 is an american actress and singer hicks is best known for her acting in such films as 1993s american crime drama film a bronx tale and her singing in such work as her 1997 debut studio album this time which peaked at no 4 on billboard bubbling under hot 100 singles raised in teaneck new jersey hicks graduated from teaneck high school in 1994careercareeracting hicks began her film career with a role in the critically acclaimed 1993 film a bronx tale her subsequent film roles were small 1995s just cause with sean connery and laurence fishburne and 1996s educating matt waters and the preachers wife with whitney houston she appeared in the movie belly in 1998 in 2000 she appeared on screen in the short film are you cinderella with actor wood harris her later film roles were in independent films such as 2005s the salon with vivica a fox dondre whitfield and darrin henson 2006s forbidden fruits with', ' a remake of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisterss of the classic rb hit by deniece williams was released featuring a blackandwhite music video directed by hype williams the single charted well on the rb chart after collaborating on the video for silly williams cast hicks as in his directorial film debut 1998s belly as keisha dmxs girlfriend the video for silly appeared in one of the films scenes hicks has expressed interest in pursuing a career in gospel musicpersonal life hicks is a 1993 graduate of grace dodge vocational high school in the bronx new york she is the younger sister of actress and singer datra hicks in 1999 hicks began dating loren dawson and the couple married in 2001discographydiscographysingles  soundtracks  1996 the associate on yes we can can with chantay savage lashanda reese and the pointer sisters', ' ella joyce fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single sill fredro starr and rb singer keith sweat 2007s humenetomy and 2010s expendable hicks featured in the hbo television series subway stories in 1997 two guest roles followed 2002s 100 centre street in the episode titled fathers and a 2003 episode of soul food the series titled the new math hicks costarred in the musical stage play tyler perrys aunt bams place with paris bennett cassi davis jeffrey lewis and melonie daniels it had a 3day run beginning august 30 2011 in atlanta georgia cobb energy center and was filmed for a dvd release on june 12 2012careermusic in 1995 hicks signed a deal with motown records and released an album titled this time the single ooh ooh baby written by and featuring missy elliott charted on the billboard rb singles chart however the lead single intended to debut her singing career was distant lover an uptempo track produced by teddy riley the album did not take off until the second single silly']

